Page  of of AIDS aids aids



of AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
June 28, 1997 1997 1997 2812 2812 281228:12 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, general news item item item
Length: 1027 words
Body


By Karen Lowe
COSTA MESA, California, June 28 (AFP) - They are gorgeous models -- men with bulging biceps, a busty blonde former Playboy centerfold, teenagers with rippling abs -- and they are all HIV positive.
They are among 75 models for Proof Positive, the world's only modeling agency with models willing to go public with their HIV positive status to promote health products to the HIV and AIDS community.
It begain in 1994 when Abbot Laboraties contacted Morgan Modeling agency owner Keith Lewis. The company wanted an HIV-positive model for Advera, a high nutrient drink for people with HIV, the virus that leads to AIDS.  aids.  aids.
"I am supposed to ask people if they have AIDS and then tell them I am going to put their face in a magazine?" Lewis recalls thinking loudly in disbelief to himself when the request was first made. "Yeah, right."
But he put out a modeling call and to his suprise about 100 people showed up. Good-looking, healthy people who were willing to publicly state their HIV status. The Proof Positive agency grew out of that.
Famous models include Ty Ross, the grandson of conservative icon and one-time presidential contender Barry Goldwater, Eileen Getty, granddaughter of oil magnate J. Paul Getty and former Playboy centerfold Rebekka Armstrong.
Some of the models have crossed over to mainstream media, with German Vogue featuring HIV models. Pharmaceuticals advertising in largely gay communities will be in national magazines in a year, Lewis predicted.
Kevin McDermott, who was a dancer at the 1996 Academy Awards ceremony, a stuntman for a Levi ad and danced in a Las Vegas revue, recalls his relief at finding work with Proof Positive.
"This business is about rejection," he said of modeling and acting. "That's what you get most of the time. Put being HIV ontop of that and you've got real security issues.
"Being HIV positive is something you think about when you go to bed and as soon as you wake up in the morning. Here was someone saying, 'It's okay. You're normal.' Keith made me feel proud and wonderful."
Gretchen Adams, 30, a model and HIV educator said she was glad to be part of any effort that changed the typical image of people with HIV and AIDS as bedridden and wasted.
"I was glad I could be a model. A normal looking woman who can say 'yeah, I have HIV. But HIV is not everything I am,'" said Adams.
Lewis said that since the Advera campaign, his business has taken off with forays into providing HIV positive actors for television and movies. But he said there have been public service aspects to his project, too.
The drug manufacturers came to him because they no longer wanted to put disclaimers on their ads, saying the models were not HIV positive. But that trend coincided with changes in the disease.
New drugs and diet are helping to keeping HIV and AIDS victims alive for years, sometimes a decade or more. And it has also gone mainstream, spreading most rapidly now among women, heterosexual men and teenagers.
As the disease has evolved, so has Proof Positive.
"Previously, ads were gay specific. They're not anymore. They've gone so mainstream, its almost the opposite," he said, noting that his agency is now negotiating for a seven-year-old model for a pharmaceutical company.
Lewis said it was important to get across to the public -- especially the youth -- that they could no longer count on the old images of disfigured and wasted men to cue them as to who was carrying the virus.
"When they see those images of wasted men, they think, 'that's not me,' that doesn't look like anyone I know. It can't happen to me,'" Lewis said.
But these muscular, shapely and fit-looking HIV models used by Proof Positive remind them it could be anyone and practicing safe sex is not optional.
"When they see a sexy, hip, healthy looking model saying they are HIV positive, they're going to say, 'Shit that's someboy I went out with last night! That's someone I'd like to meet… That's my friend."
kl/pfm pfm pfm

Load-Date: June 28, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Russia AIDS aids aids



Russia AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
November 29, 1997 1997 1997 1334 1334 133413:34 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 672 words
Byline: Karl Emerick Hanuska hanuska hanuska
Dateline: MOSCOW, Nov 29 29 29
Body


Russia was late in feeling the full impact of AIDS, but a decade after the first HIV infections here, it now stands on the verge of a potentially devastating epidemic.
Health officials predict that by January 1 the number of people infected with the Human Immune-deficiency Virus (HIV) in Russia is likely to exceed 10,000.
According to Vadim Pokrovsky, director of the Russian AIDS centre, by the next century HIV infections could exceed 800,000.
"If we are going to have any hope of slowing the spread of AIDS in Russia, we must immediately mobilise our resources and concentrate our efforts… If not, we will be in for a whole lot more bad news," Pokrovsky said recently.  recently.  recently.
However, many fault Pokrovsky and other officials for not acting sooner, before the threat had become so serious.
Russian leaders "should have seen this coming," said Fred Carcano, an American researcher who has been tracking the spread of AIDS worldwide.
"Russia could have benefited from the Wests tragic experience, virtually shutting AIDS out of its population, but the government chose to ignore the problem and hoped it would go away.
"Instead of working to pass ineffective and paranoid legislation, leaders should have educated the public… People are going to pay for this mistake with their lives," Carcano warned.
Some of Russia's best known pop stars will take part in a gala concert Monday, organised by Russian health officials for World AIDS Day.
But Ivan Leshnevich, deputy chairman of the Moscow Health Committee, voiced scepticism about the event's impact.
"We need to think about this problem year-round. AIDS isnt an issue we should note like a holiday once a year," he said. "If that is the only way we approach this problem, we'll never defeat it."
As recently as two years ago, Russian health officials boasted of HIV infection rates far lower than in the West.
Measuring the cases by tens instead of tens of thousands, they defined AIDS as primarily a foreign problem.
That led to a much publicised but rarely enforced law requiring foreigners planning to stay in Russia longer than three months to prove they were not HIV positive.
Critics cautioned such legislation would lure people at risk into a false sense of security, put lives in danger and ultimately contribute to more infections. Those fears proved accurate.
In 1996 the number of new infections registered was more than in the previous nine years combined.
This year has seen an even more dramatic increase. By June, officials had registered 4,400 HIV infections, but by mid-November the figure had rocketed to 6,448, including 264 cases of full-blown AIDS.
Health workers warn that the rate at which the virus is spreading gives grounds for serious concern.
According to the international aid organisation Medicins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders), the factors encouraging the spread of AIDS in Russia include: sexually active young people often unwilling to use condoms, or unable to afford them, and widespread drug abuse.
Until 1996, unprotected sex was the leading cause of new HIV infections, but in 1997 it was surpassed by intravenous drug use.
Drug users now account for 76 percent of all HIV infections in Russia -- a problem exacerbated by the use of an easily-contaminated form of heroin.
The highest number of such infections was noted in Russias Baltic enclave of Kaliningrad, with 1,656 cases -- 26 percent of those registered.
It was followed by Krasnodar in southern Russia with 990 cases, and Moscow and the Moscow region with 640 cases.
Experts say the only way to tackle the spread of AIDS is to raise public awareness.
But unlike the United States, which has some 90,000 organisations addressing the problem, Russia has just 30, of which five are in Moscow.
An awareness campaign launched in Moscow this summer quickly faded from prominence, and Russia's economic difficulties mean that any major campaign is likely to require the support of foreign organisations.
keh/lp/ns ns ns

Load-Date: November 29, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Visual aids on AIDS



Visual aids on AIDS
National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)
April 1, 1997, Tuesday


Copyright 1997 Financial Post Ltd.
Section: The Financial Post Magazine; OPENERS: ECLECTIC COLLECTORS; Pg. 12
Length: 352 words
Byline: CAMILLA CORNELL
Dateline: COLLECTIBLES; James Miller
Body


 Finger-pointing, blaming of the ill, hysteria and fierce moralizing are typical reactions to a deadly epidemic, says James Miller. As a medievalist and English professor, he studied those reactions to the Black Plague, and as the curator of more than 1,000 AIDS education posters from around the world, he has documented a similar reaction to AIDS.
Miller began compiling his collection in 1988, hoping to find something visual that would help people understand the epidemic. But he found many of the posters "not only added to the confusion but were counter-productive to any sane AIDS education." So, he says, "I became interested in AIDS posters not so much as a mirror of the epidemic, but as a mirror of the people who produced them."
Among the worst examples: a poster put out by the Center for Disease Control in the U.S. that said: "There's a simple way to prevent AIDS," and showed a woman with her legs crossed. Another, from a Canadian Public Health Association Campaign of the late '80s, trumpeted: "Join the Attack on AIDS," in graffiti lettering that looked as if it had been spray-painted in blood, followed by smaller print saying AIDS could be passed between men and women or between male homosexuals, "as if," says Miller, "they were some kind of alien species."
The better posters, says Miller, speak in language calculated to reach a specific audience and target high-risk behavior, like sharing needles or having sex without condoms.
Titled "Visual AIDS," Miller's collection has been shown in 45 cities in Canada, the U.S. and Europe, and it has stirred up its share of controversy. The posters have been vandalized, and at Miller's own University of Western Ontario, the local vice squad forced him to remove several gay posters (like one that showed two men embracing, along with the line: "Take It Off. Get It On"). At the University of North Carolina, officials ordered that the same posters be hung separately in a broom closet, with a guard at the door to check age of majority cards. The result, laughs Miller, was a lineup all the way down the hall to get in.
Photo: James Miller began compiling his collection of AIDS posters to help explain the epidemic. Instead, he found, they spoke to their creators' fears and prejudices.

Load-Date: March 24, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Visual aids on AIDS



Visual aids on AIDS
National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)
April 1, 1997, Tuesday


Copyright 1997 Financial Post Ltd.
Section: THE FINANCIAL POST MAGAZINE; Pg. 12, OPENERS: Eclectic Collectors
Length: 355 words
Byline: Camilla Cornell
Body


Finger-pointing, blaming of the ill, hysteria and fierce moralizing are typical reactions to a deadly epidemic, says James Miller. As a medievalist and English professor, he studied those reactions to the Black Plague, and as the curator of more than 1,000 AIDS education posters from around the world, he has documented a similar reaction to AIDS.
 Miller began compiling his collection in 1988, hoping to find something visual that would help people understand the epidemic. But he found many of the posters ''not only added to the confusion but were counter-productive to any sane AIDS education.'' So, he says, ''I became interested in AIDS posters not so much as a mirror of the epidemic, but as a mirror of the people who produced them.''
Among the worst examples: a poster put out by the Center for Disease Control in the U.S. that said: ''There's a simple way to prevent AIDS,'' and showed a woman with her legs crossed. Another, from a Canadian Public Health Association Campaign of the late '80s, trumpeted: ''Join the Attack on AIDS,'' in graffiti lettering that looked as if it had been spray-painted in blood, followed by smaller print saying AIDS could be passed between men and women or between male homosexuals, ''as if,'' says Miller, ''they were some kind of alien species.''
 The better posters, says Miller, speak in language calculated to reach a specific audience and target high-risk behavior, like sharing needles or having sex without condoms.
 Titled ''Visual AIDS,'' Miller's collection has been shown in 45 cities in Canada, the U.S. and Europe, and it has stirred up its share of controversy. The posters have been vandalized, and at Miller's own University of Western Ontario, the local vice squad forced him to remove several gay posters (like one that showed two men embracing, along with the line: ''Take It Off. Get It On''). At the University of North Carolina, officials ordered that the same posters be hung separately in a broom closet, with a guard at the door to check age of majority cards. The result, laughs Miller, was a lineup all the way down the hall to get in.
 Photo: James Miller began compiling his collection of AIDS posters to help explain the epidemic. Instead, he found, they spoke to their creators' fears and prejudices.

Graphic

 
CollectiblesJames Miller

Load-Date: November 4, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Uganda AIDS aids aids



Uganda AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
November 01, 1997 1997 1997 1341 1341 134113:41 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 564 words
Byline: Anna Borzello borzello borzello
Dateline: KAMPALA, Nov 1 1 1
Body


Uganda is beating AIDS through sexual restraint, government figures indicate.
Surveys indicate that young women are delaying their first sexual experiences, the use of condoms is rising, and polygamy is decreasing.
The number of pregnant women in Uganda infected with the Human Immuno-Deficiency Virus (HIV), the precursor to AIDS, has declined steadily since monitoring began five years ago, according to the government figures.  figures.  figures.
In 1986, four years after HIV was first identified in this east African country, President Yoweri Museveni seized power after a five-year guerrilla war and sent 60 of his soldiers to Cuba for training.
Two-thirds of them tested HIV-positive on arrival.
With that, Museveni confronted the problem head-on, acknowledging the seriousness of the epidemic at a time when most African countries were denying it, and undertaking an intensive public education campaign.
Close to 1.5 million of Uganda's 19 million people are now infected with HIV, with two-thirds of them suffering from full-blown AIDS, but HIV infection rates have declined in most of the 20 antenatal clinics around the country taking part in the study, the figures show.
Kampala has seen a marked decline -- from 30 percent testing HIV-positive in 1992 to just 14 percent now.
In the eastern Ugandan town of Mbale, 15 percent of pregnant women in antenatal clinics tested positive five years ago. That figure has dropped to 6.9 percent, which is an improvement of 1.6 percent over last year.
The government survey's findings are in line with independent studies.
Alex Opio, an epidemiologist with the government's STD (sexually transmitted diseases) and HIV control programme, told AFP that pregnant women expecting their first child were a fair indication of HIV levels in the general population.
But he warned against complacency.
"Much as this is good news, we don't want people to relax and backtrack," he said.
Elizabeth Madra, the manager of the programme, said the government's multi-sectoral approach and intensive public education had helped change Ugandans' sexual behaviour.
Community health workers have spread the word in villages, and newspapers and radio talk shows discuss sex openly and explicitly, which would have been unthinkable 10 years ago.
Paradoxically, despite the lower infection rates, the number of people with HIV is remaining steady.
That is because they have changed their life-style, and are living longer, doctors say.
A major problem here, as in other African countries, is that Uganda is just too poor to afford the expensive drugs used to treat HIV and AIDS in the West.
The health ministry's budget works out to just five dollars per year per Ugandan, and most Ugandans cannot afford to consult doctors.
As a result, many traditional healers are now treating the side-effects of HIV and AIDS, which weaken the immune system and leave patients vulnerable to such diseases as tuberculosis and diarrhoea.
A few years ago, qualified doctors disdained the traditional healers, but attitudes have changed, and doctors and healers now cross-refer intractable cases.
A cheer went up at an AIDS conference in Kampala when the results of a controlled study were announced, showing the healers had "won" in treating several side-effects, clearing them up faster, with less discomfort to the patient.
anb/hn/mb mb mb

Load-Date: November 1, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Africa AIDS aids aids



Africa AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
December 03, 1997 1997 1997 1326 1326 132613:26 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 696 words
Byline: Brigitte Castelnau castelnau castelnau
Dateline: ABIDJAN, Dec 3 3 3
Body


Ivory Coast will play host, from Sunday, to the 10th international conference on AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases in Africa, home to two-thirds of the 30 million people living with HIV.
Sixteen years after the discovery of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), some 3,000 delegates will devote five days here to an epidemic deemed "much more serious than we thought," by the head of the United Nations AIDS programme.
This is especially true in Africa where "the situation is greatly underestimated," according to UNAIDS director Peter Piot.
Worldwide HIV infections are increasing by "16,000 new cases per day, almost double what we had estimated," added Piot.  piot.  piot.
"The notion that the epidemic is over or slowing down is false," he said.
Some 30.6 million people across the world live with HIV or AIDS. Of these, 20.8 million live in sub-Saharan Africa, according to UNAIDS.
Very few of those who are ill have access to new protease inhibitors, which have helped delay deaths from AIDS in the West.
"Due to lack of treatment, many in the Third World are still dying of opportunistic diseases, such as tuberculosis and diarrhea, which strike the organisms weakened by HIV," explained Piot.
With help from pharmaceutical companies, UNAIDS has launched a programme to make antiretroviral drugs, like AZT, and others that tackle opportunistic diseases, more available to the less well-off in, initially, Chile, Ivory Coast, Uganda and Vietnam.
Around 3,000 patients in each of these countries will take part in the pilot programme, a limitation that imposes tough choices in Ivory Coast and Uganda, for example, where more than a million people are infected.
In 10 African countries, UNICEF is setting up programmes where pregnant women receive AZT to reduce transmission to their unborn children. The United Nation's children's programme is also seeking viable alternatives to breastfeeding.
Nine out of 10 people infected by HIV are unaware of the fact, often because of lack of testing facilities.
Many people are also deterred from tests by the knowledge that they have little hope of receiving any treatment.
In contrast to the situation in the West, in sub-Saharan Africa it was unprotected sex between men and women that accounted for most of the 3.4 million adult infections of 1997.
"The problem has not been solved, even in rich countries like France where 30,000 people don't know they are infected," according to Luc Montagnier, a professor at the Pasteur Insitute in Paris and the man who discovered the HIV virus in 1983.
Montagnier, who is due to take part in the Abidjan conference, is convinced the West is cutting down on its research into the virus.
"The situation in Zimbabwe is worse than the worst case scenarios envisaged in the mid-1980s," he explained. "In 1996, one adult in five was infected and in Harare, 40 percent of adults were seropositive."
Life expectancy rates in Zimbabwe, Botswana and Zambia are expected to fall to 30 years by 2010, according to the US government's international development agency, USAID.
If it was not for AIDS, average life expectancy in these country's would be around 60 to 70 years.
At the beginning of this year, 2.7 million people in South Africa were thought to be infected by HIV, a third more than in 1996.
In general, west Africa has seen infection rates stabilise at levels much lower than those found in east or southern Africa.
Half a million people have died of AIDS in Uganda, where 1.5 million of the 19 million inhabitants are infected.
Uganda acknowledged the epidemic relatively early, and this is beginning to pay off. "For the fourth year running infection rates have fallen among pregnant women. It is now between five and nine percent, instead of 20 percent," noted Piot.
All agree prevention is the key. There's room for hope in Cameroon, where condom sales increased 19-fold from 1989 to 1997.
But one should be wary of such figures. Some 18 million condoms were sold in Ivory Coast in 1996, an apparently impressive jump from half a million in 1990. But last year's sales figure only adds up to three condoms per adult.
bc/afm/ns ns ns

Load-Date: December 3, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Gay bashes aid AIDS victims



Gay bashes aid AIDS victims
The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)
March 21, 1992, Saturday, 1* EDITION


Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications Corp. All Rights Reserved
Section: TOWN TALK; Pg. A2
Length: 710 words
Byline: MALCOLM PARRY; VANSUN
Body


 HIV LEAGUE . . . The AIDS crowd sure knows how to have a good time. At some other art-gallery parties, participants stiffen up, pretending to be who they aren't. But who could do that at an HIV/AIDS fundraising bash? Besides, everybody was digging jazz singer Amanda Hughes, and nobody had to dread the usual art auction. Only two paintings were offered - by now-blind AIDS sufferer and CBC broadcaster Dr. Peter - and they sold quickly for $ 450 and $ 550.
The Thursday benefit at the Buschlen-Mowatt Gallery - whose principal Don Buschlen died in February - raised $ 22,775 toward AIDS Vancouver's $ 300,000 annual goal.
Although launched in 1983 and partially civic-funded since Gordon Campbell's 1985 motion, there were worries that AIDS Vancouver "would soon become exhausted, its resources drained, many men dying and the town in convulsions of homophobia," said executive director Mark Mees.
Not so. Though co-founder Ald. Gordon Price refers to "a slow-motion tragedy going on and on," the group teed up the 1990 Gay Games (Mees was ED there, too). Today, among several support programs, its 14 staff and 300 volunteers run a high-school AIDS-prevention series.
They also throw lively, optimistic parties that in happier times would have been called "gay."
*
UP PARRYSCOPE . . . Overheard in an anteroom at the Four Seasons hotel as Rabbi Yitzhak Wineberg cuddled his eighth child, 10-day-old Shmuel: "So, are you sleeping nights, Rabbi?"
"Not for 20 years."
*
RAISING HIS GLASS . . . Cherry trees will blossom there soon, but Japan's art market seems to be a season behind. Case in point: Tokyo dealer Fumo Yamamoto has delayed showing 27 glass-steel-and-stone sculptures by Vancouver artist Robert Studer, many portraying traditional calligraphic characters on glass plates with images of water floating within.
The good news is that Studer, who has been paid for the works, may show but not sell them here, likely at the SFU Gallery or the Glass Arts Association. Meanwhile, he has been nominated again for the Corning prize that would see him study with Swedish artist Bertil Vallien at the Pilchuk School in Starwood, Wash.
Asked on an application why a third spell at the internationally influential academy would suit him, socially vigorous Studer wrote: "I enjoy meeting new people, dancing and drinking beer."
*
THE CLINE AND FALL . . . Having digested two hours of cunning, nudity, sex and death, a preview audience filed Thursday from the Arts Club theatre's first-ever staging of a Spanish play, Fernando deRojas' Celestina. In the adjacent Revue theatre, artistic director Bill Millerd sliced chocolate cake for a 200th-performance audience of Dean Reagan's A Closer Walk with Patsy Cline, starring one-time bar singer Colette Wise.
Hanging on the main lobby wall was a framed rendering of Bing Thom's design for a third theatre - a 500-seater at Bute and Alberni to replace the dumpy original on Seymour.
Long runs are de rigueur at the Arts Club, but shows based on a single female singer (Billie Holiday and Judy Garland so far) are hen's-teeth rare. Wearing a nine-year diamond ring from Sue Medley band member Robbie Steininger and with a '66 Chevy convertible being restored, Wise is in tune either way.
As for Celestina, which some say William Shakespeare cribbed for Romeo and Juliet, its March 24 premiere will be preceded by a fundraising event involving tapas, Spanish wines, resurgent flamenco dancing and an entry by vice-consul Joaquin Ayala Menendez and his wife Caridad Ayala.
Mysteriously, Millerd and development director David Harrison murmured about a "big-name star" attending "the biggest single-night fundraiser Vancouver has ever seen."
And when might we expect this spectacle?
"Fall."
*
ONE MORE CUP . . . There should have been another Pure Class Award made at last week's Grace McCarthy tribute. Let's hand it to culture minister Darlene Marzari who spoke warmly from the head table toward a former ferocious political opponent.
This seems to be NDP policy: criticize the Socreds on a case-by-case basis, but avoid the 1972-75 Barrett cabinet's jeering and braggadocio. Of course, now they don't have Ms. McCarthy doing basically the same to them.
*

Graphic

 
IAN SMITH/ ABOVE: Robert Studer: The show may go on.
SUN FILES/ TOP RIGHT: Colette Wise: Cake to celebrate.
PETER BATTISTONI/ RIGHT: Rabbi Yitzhak Wineberg: A cuddle for baby Shmuel (92-2193)

Load-Date: March 22, 1992


End of Document
Page  of Kazakhstan AIDS aids



Kazakhstan AIDS aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english
May 07, 1998 1998 1146 114611:46 GMT gmt


Copyright 1998 Agence France Presse presse
Section: International news news
Length: 677 words
Byline: Heather Clark clark
Dateline: TEMIRTAU, Kazakhstan, May 7 7
Body


Boris and Tatyana are a young married couple just starting in life, but they won't watch each other grow old.
The hopelessness in their eyes tells the story. The couple along with Boris' brother, Sasha, who lives with them, are among the latest victims in Temirtau to test positive for the Human Immune-deficiency Virus that causes AIDS.
The spread of AIDS in Kazakhstan's northern industrial region of Karaganda has reached epidemic proportions, infecting 517 people -- 80 percent of Kazakhstan's AIDS cases -- since June 1996.  1996.
Like Tatyana, Boris and Sasha, about 95 percent of the region's AIDS victims are young drug users from Temirtau, a working class town of 200,000 residents some 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) north of Almaty.
Temirtau's experience is so far an isolated occurrence in Kazakhstan, but doctors are convinced AIDS will soon spread to other cities across Central Asia and the cash-strapped governments will not have the means to stop the disease or treat victims.
Though doctors have been educating the population about AIDS since the first awareness centers opened across the former Soviet Union in 1989, victims like Boris and Tatyana still know little about the disease.
"Some people say we may survive it," Tatyana said, a flicker of hope in her mascara-ringed eyes.
The couple do not hide their illness from friends. Temirtau's residents, once taken aback by such news, are now accustomed to living side by side with AIDS.
"People knew about AIDS, but they thought it was something far away that didn't concern them," said Valeria Kryukova, who oversees AIDS prevention at a regional clinic in Karaganda. "Now there's more fear and they understand that AIDS is already here and that it will continue to grow."
The first HIV case hit the region in 1990, when a homosexual tested positive for the virus followed a year later by two of his lovers, Kryukova said.
Then in 1995, the first drug user, a Temirtau resident, tested positive. Less than a year later, the cases started flooding into the clinic at a rate of about 33 per month, Kryukova said.
Doctors are becoming increasingly alarmed as more patients are catching the virus by sexual contact, said Sholpan Baimurzina, who heads Temirtau's AIDS clinic.
Doctors can only hypothesize about why Temirtau was so badly hit by AIDS. The locals say when Soviet-era social programs were discontinued, more Temirtau youths turned to drugs than young people in other cities.
Also, Temirtau has residents from all over the former Soviet Union who left after Kazakhstan became independent. They later returned, bringing HIV with them, Baimurzina said.
But public health workers do not have time to worry about the cause. They are too busy trying to wipe out ignorance about AIDS and stop the further spread of the disease.
Baimurzina works overtime, playing the role of the many public health professionals she wishes her clinic could hire. She lectures school children, urges men to use condoms and counsels parents and friends of AIDS victims.
In addition to public education, the Karaganda regional clinic works directly with police to obtain lists of known drug users and test them. A United Nations program to exchange used needles for clean ones was launched a year after the epidemic started.
Today, 300 to 350 people regularly visit the three Temirtau centers, Kryukova said.
"I can't say that the program works as well as it should," she said, explaining it will take time for drug addicts to trust the service's guarantee of confidentiality.
Other than this program, there is little the clinics can do for AIDS patients like Tatyana, Boris and Sasha.
They cannot afford medication available in the West costing 1,000 to 2,000 dollars each month per patient. The regional clinic is lucky if they can treat the symptoms -- in April they couldn't even buy antibiotics -- said Irina Mingazova.
The patients, she said, "are practically without hope. It's a very difficult situation, in which they can't see any way out."
hac/mro/ns ns

Load-Date: May 7, 1998


End of Document
Page  of People 50 and older are vulnerable to AIDS aids aids



People 50 and older are vulnerable to AIDS aids aids
$%Charleston Gazette (West Virginia) virginia) virginia)
December 13, 1998, Sunday sunday sunday


Copyright 1998 Charleston Newspapers newspapers newspapers
Section: News; Pg. P10D P10D P10D
Length: 1459 words
Byline: Maya Bell THE ORLANDO SENTINEL sentinel sentinel
Body


FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - After seven years, Sue Saunders still gets the
same reaction when she says she is infected with the AIDS virus: You!
With four grown children? With a grandson? How could it happen to you?
"From sex!" she snaps. "I got it from sex with my boyfriend."
With her gray hair tinted strawberry blond and laugh lines framing her her her
bright blue eyes, Saunders, 65, is the new face of AIDS in Florida,
particularly South Florida, where the nation's largest population of
seniors with AIDS lives.
Nationally, people 50 and older make up 10 percent of the reported
AIDS cases, but in Florida, where retirees have come for decades, the
50-plus population makes up 12.5 percent of the AIDS cases. That's
nearly 9,000 people who, like Saunders, have had to face aging and
AIDS simultaneously.
The good news,
the bad news
The good news is older people with the AIDS virus can live productive
lives if the disease is caught early enough. As is the case with youn
ger populations, people 50 and older are benefiting from expensive
drug cocktails that halt the progression of HIV into full-blown AIDS.
The troubling news, though, is that many older people have no idea
they are vulnerable to the human immunodeficiency virus, which causes
AIDS. And many who are infected with the virus don't realize it. As a
result, elder and AIDS activists fear the disease is set to slice
through the 50-plus generation much as it did the gay population in
the 1980s.
"I think we're at the tip of the iceberg," said Marjorie Robinson, an
infectious-disease expert at Nova Southeastern University in Broward
County, Fla. "Nobody wants to talk about sex with their parents and
grandparents, but the reality is many older people are single and
dating again, and the dating scene is not the same as they knew it. If
we don't bring this out in the open, it could spread among the older
population just like it did the gay population."
Reasons why older people
are susceptible
The 50-plus generation is vulnerable for a number of reasons. For one,
many of the symptoms of HIV infection - such as fatigue, weight loss
and forgetfulness - mimic the signs of aging, so doctors rarely think
of testing older patients for HIV.
For instance, Saunders, a former cake decorator who later worked on
boats, went two years with persistent illness. Her family doctor told
her she had a severe virus and gave her antibiotics. It wasn't until
her boyfriend was diagnosed with AIDS that she even thought about the
disease.
The proportion of people dying within a month of an AIDS diagnosis is
twice as high for people 50 and older, suggesting to the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention that seniors frequently aren't treated
for HIV until they have progressed to full-blown AIDS - and it is
often too late.
Tied to late diagnoses - or misdiagnoses - is the misconception that
people in their 50s, 60s, or even older don't have sex. They do, but
for years AIDS prevention programs didn't recognize that or bother to
educate them about the deadly disease.
"Remember, the seniors of today were the teen-agers of the '40s, '50s
and '60s. They are living longer, and their lifestyles are different
than what we envision for grandmas and grandpas," said Edith Ellerson,
coordinator of the state's newest senior HIV prevention program, in
Hillsborough County.
"They have tea parties and bridge parties; they line dance and square
dance; they play golf and tennis. And they have sex. Unprotected sex."
The anecdotal stories are legendary.
'Condominium Casanovas'
familiar to AIDS workers
Many AIDS workers or elder activists often mention "condominium
Casanovas" - physically fit men who, through divorce or widowhood, are
single again and highly sought - especially if they still drive.
Vastly outnumbered by women who outlive their husbands, older men are
in a situation almost any high school boy would envy.
"Men hop from room to room and pick and choose," said Drace Langford,
a planner for the Alliance on Aging in Dade and Monroe counties. "I've
seen it happen in adult day-care centers and assisted-living
facilities."
There also are accounts of lonely widowers or men ignored by their
wives who seek the services of prostitutes or male hustlers. Activists
say the illicit business picks up the first of the month, when Social
Security checks arrive in the mail.
"These are not fictional stories," said Mike Dougherty, 54, a bisexual
contractor in Hollywood, Fla., who volunteers with the seniors HIV
prevention program in Broward County. "I just went to a gay bar last
night and met a guy, 71. He was there looking for a male prostitute -
bars are full of them - and he has a girlfriend on the side. His wife
died nine years ago and he likes both. The girlfriend doesn't have a
clue."
Safe-sex message often
lost on older people
Nor likely a condom. The safe-sex message that is drilled into younger
generations is often lost on older people. When they were younger,
they used condoms to prevent pregnancy. Now that pregnancy is not a
concern, they never think of using protection. Some don't even know
what condoms are, mistaking bowls of the colored prophylactics
displayed at health fairs for candy.
"I hear it every day," said Joe Kostick, 71, a great-grandfather who
regularly tells peer groups he got the virus 10 years ago from
unprotected sex. "All the big shots say, 'What do I need a condom for?
She's too old to get pregnant.'"
And now there's the great invigorator, Viagra, the virility drug that
activists say older men are swallowing with lusty optimism - and
ignorance.
One AIDS volunteer tells this story of a long-married couple in her
Century Village retirement community: Viagra renewed the husband's
ardor, but his wife remained uninterested, so he began visiting a
prostitute and was infected with HIV. When the man's wife finally
relented, he transmitted the virus to her.
Separating reality from myth is difficult because so few people 50 and
older are willing to go public. Kostick said he knows several who
haven't even shared their illness with their families. They hide their
megadoses of medicine under their beds or in closets. They live
shackled by shame, secrecy and lies.
New AIDS cases in Americans
50 and older up 22 percent
But the numbers don't lie: New AIDS cases in Americans 50 and older
increased 22 percent between 1991 and 1996, according to the CDC.
That's more than twice the 9 percent rise in cases among people
between 13 and 49.
In Florida, new AIDS cases among the 50-plus population occur daily.
Of the 8,715 Floridians 50 and older who have gotten AIDS this decade,
well more than half of the cases - 5,467 - were from Dade, Broward or
Palm Beach counties. Those numbers are what bother Saunders, and what
prompted her to help launch SHIP, the state's first Seniors HIV
Intervention Program, in 1997 in Broward County. Though she no longer
works for SHIP, which has expanded to Dade and Palm Beach counties,
she still makes public appearances videos and speeches urging condo
dwellers, retirees, women's clubs and anyone else who will listen to
get tested for HIV and to use protection if they engage in risky
behavior.
She never thought her own behavior risky.
Made to work in her parents' Fort Lauderdale bakery from a young age,
Saunders grew up feeling enslaved and unloved. She married at 23 and
had four children with her husband. After their divorce in 1973, she
moved to the Bahamas and met the love of her life, Norris Rolle, a
charter boat captain and champion tuna fisherman. She was his first
mate.
Their 19-year relationship survived separations and his infidelities,
but it would not survive AIDS. Rolle died of the disease in 1992, at
age 68. Until Saunders returned to Bimini in 1990 and found her
once-vigorous lover a shell of his former self, she never gave AIDS a
thought.
"It never occurred to me. It never entered my head. I thought I had
chemical poisoning from working on boats. We knew kids on drugs had
AIDS, and that wasn't us," she said.
Returning to Fort Lauderdale devastated, Saunders was certain she had
only a year to live. That was eight years ago. More than $ 24,000 worth
of medications a year, so far, has kept her HIV infection from
becoming AIDS.
That is not to say she is not sick, or her life has not changed.
Fatigue and dizziness are constant companions. One of her kids is
still furious with her. She talks more about T-cell counts, viral
loads and protease inhibitors than the joys of retirement.
Surprisingly, she harbors no anger against Rolle. "The love that we
had just transcended all of that," she said.
But she knows not even love can transcend AIDS, so Saunders, a woman
who prefers to remain behind the scenes, is out front spreading the
word.
"I want to scare people into taking precautions and into believing it
can happen to them," she said. "Because if it can happen to me, it can
happen to anyone." anyone." anyone."

Load-Date: December 16, 1998


End of Document
Page  of Phone services inform about AIDS aids aids



Phone services inform about AIDS aids aids
$%Charleston Gazette (West Virginia) virginia) virginia)
September 19, 1999, Sunday sunday sunday


Copyright 1999 Charleston Newspapers newspapers newspapers
Section: News; Pg. P12E P12E P12E
Length: 336 words
Byline: Mary Ann Farrell Knight Ridder Newspapers newspapers newspapers
Body


Of all the sexually transmitted diseases, only one is considered a
legal disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act, according
to the federal Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta. And that
disease is the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) as well as
its carrier, the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Of the more than 260 million Americans now living in this country,
650,000 to 900,000 are living with the HIV virus and about 641,000
have AIDS. The disease is rapidly spreading among minority groups such such such
as Hispanics and African-American women. The disease, of course, is
fatal even though there are drugs which can now prolong life.
To help inform minorities about AIDS and HIV, the CDC has free
telephone services for both Spanish-speaking and deaf populations.
Those with hearing disabilities can access the CDC through specialized
established relay communications called teletypewriters (TTYs).
"With our Spanish line, we get about 85 calls a day and through the
TTY relay, we get about three calls a day," says Lourdes Suarez,
manager for both services.
"AIDS was included under the ADA because of issues of discrimination
and protracted treatment which can be expensive and devastating to
families," she said.
"It can affect your job, your livelihood, everything. These two groups
have unique communications problems which affect their abilities to
get information about AIDS. That's why these telephone lines are so
important. They reach both groups well with a real live person to
either answer or relay questions about AIDS and other sexually
transmitted diseases."
The center does not give out its address because of potential threats
to the staff and building. The phone lines, through, are open to the
public. The telephone line for those who are deaf is (800) 243-7889
and it's open between 10 a.m. and 10 p.m., Monday-Friday. The line for
those who speak Spanish is open 8 a.m. to 2 a.m., Sunday-Saturday at
(800) 344-7432. For those with computers, there is the Internet site
www.ashastd.org. org. org.

Load-Date: September 21, 1999


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Czar Visits Washington AIDS Clinics



AIDS Czar Visits Washington AIDS Clinics
The Associated Press
September 10, 1993, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1993 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Washington Dateline
Length: 260 words
Byline: By NOEL K. WILSON, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


New AIDS czar Kristine Gebbie toured five AIDS clinics in the capital Friday, where she heard cash-strapped administrators describe their need for more housing and other resources.
At the Inter-City AIDS Network, Director Thomas Gleaton led Gebbie past condom displays, AIDS education posters and several memorial quilt panels for clients who have died of AIDS.
Gebbie said her priorities include learning whether minorities with AIDS are properly represented in federal studies, and streamlining the grant application process.
"I'm looking for (ideas) … I can pick off quickly and show that something's getting done … but some will take longer," she said.
As the nation's first AIDS czar, Gebbie said she is getting used to questions about her role. But "I'm not very sure many people are happy with my answer, which is 'We're figuring it out,"' she said.
Several of the clinics Gebbie toured serve specific ethnic groups, like Salud, which mainly serves clients from Central America and other Spanish-speaking countries.
"If you could have one thing - like a magic wand - what would you want for your clients?" Gebbie asked Shirlene Showell, the director at Impact, an AIDS clinic that serves a large number of gay and bisexual black men and substance abusers.
"Fairness," Showell answered. "Education," chimed in a case worker. "Housing" said another.
"This (tour) drives home what I'm hearing lots of places," Gebbie said. "I can't directly solve the District of Columbia's problems … (But) it helps just having somebody at the White House yammering about the disease."


End of Document
Page  of RETARGETING AIDS



RETARGETING AIDS
THE AUSTRALIAN
September 6, 1995 Wednesday 0 Edition


Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 1795 words
Byline: JUSTINE FERRARI
Body


NOBODY is scared anymore," says AIDS journalist Martyn Goddard, summing up the problem created by 10 years of living with the epidemic.The education campaigns in which Australia set the international standard have faded over the past five years, and the drop in the number of HIV infections has stalled.While there is disagreement over whether Australia will follow the United States in a second wave of the AIDS epidemic, all agree HIV infections are nearing a plateau.Despite the early successes in containing the epidemic, Australia is realising the fight against HIV-AIDS is really just beginning."We lost our way for five years," Goddard says. "If there's a second wave now, it's that five years that caused it, those five lost years." AIDS educators such as Paul Kinder, peer educator and deputy director at the AIDS Council of NSW, and Chris Gill, manager of the gay men's health education unit at the AIDS Council of South Australia, agree the conditions exist for a second wave."The Government needs to wake up and smell the coffee," says Gill, formerly of the Victorian AIDS Council. "This is 1995, and what we thought might happen in 1985 [the time of the Grim Reaper campaign] . . . demonstrably has not happened, and it's time to recognise that. We should be making our AIDS education dollar more costeffective." AIDS education in the 1990s has been compromised by a loss of focus.More dangerously, argues Ron Gold, AIDS researcher and psychology lecturer at Melbourne's Deakin University, the 1990s have been characterised by "an unjustified and worrying complacency".
The hiatus in education campaigns allowed HIV to slip off the agenda and out of public consciousness.Kinder says AIDS Council attention was also grabbed by the soaring death rate from AIDS, which highlighted the need for new services for treatment, support and care of people with HIV."It was never anyone's intention to take the focus away from education, but just the sheer size of the death and illness rate resulted in that," he says. "We also thought the large drop in infection rates would carry on." With those new services now in place, the warnings over the past six months or so from Goddard, Gold and one of the earliest AIDS campaigners, Bill Whittaker, prompted a review of strategy. AIDS educators were, Goddard says, "mugged by reality". One of the main problems was that AIDS education strategy failed to respond to the changing nature of the epidemic.The aim of education early in the epidemic was, in Gold's words, "information and exhortation" - informing the community of the way HIV is transmitted to impart knowledge and exhorting people to practise safe sex to use a condom every time.The policy underpinning AIDS education at a national level was fear that the epidemic would spread into the heterosexual community, particularly through injecting drug users. Goddard argues that the policy is now out of date.About 85 per cent of men with HIV contract the virus through homosexual sex and about 60 per cent of the epidemic is contained in the gay areas of Sydney."AIDS policy was basically set up to deal with when we thought we were going to have the sort of epidemic in Australia they have in Uganda [where HIV is largely spread through the heterosexual community]," Goddard says."We still have that policy but we don't have the epidemic." As it became apparent there was no quick cure or vaccine, the HIV-AIDS community realised the disease was not going to disappear but was here to stay, for a lifetime.Similarly the use of condoms, while suitable as a short-term measure, became unacceptable as a lifelong practice. The gay community became fatigued by condoms and with HIVAIDS.Some notice a fatalism in the gay community, where contracting HIV can seem inevitable, and it becomes almost a relief to become positive, to get it over and done with."With modern treatment, people with HIV can expect to live for about 10 years in reasonably good health."Some people are saying things like, 'At least I've got 10 years and I don't have to worry about condoms'," Gill says.Kinder believes the gay community has been worn down by the struggle against HIV."There's a fatigue around the struggle of staying safe, around not another bloody funeral, around not another weekend ruined by having to spend it caring for someone. Many gay men's lives have been turned upside down completely because of the changes they've had to make, and they're fatigued by that," he says.
B UT Gold raises more fundamental questions about the efficacy of the basic tenet of our AIDS education campaigns: that promoting safe sex as a cultural norm within the gay community and encouraging gay men to identify with that community thereby creates a peer pressure to succumb to that norm.Psychologist Sue Kippax, the director of the National Centre in HIV Social Research and associate professor in behavioural sciences at Sydney's Macquarie University, has been the primary champion of the theory."It's a bit like fashion, like the culture that's been growing up around keeping out of the Sun and wearing a hat and cream so it becomes 'in' to wear a hat or cream and not get a tan," she says."I think there's a safe-sex culture, and I think it's extremely important it's there. It's extremely difficult to negotiate safe sex if you haven't got such a culture. By emphasising safe sex as part of the culture, you have to explain why you're not using a condom."It's a much better position to be in than having to explain to somebody why you are using a condom." Gold disputes the fact that a safe-sex culture exists and says "at best, we may have an 'occasional slip-up culture' ". "One of the great mistakes, I think, has been to say the gay community has a norm for safe sex. It's like the Tinkerbell effect in Peter Pan: if the audience claps loudly enough Tinkerbell won't die. It's just not true." Gold says he had no difficulty finding 734 men for three studies who admitted to having unprotected anal sex, with one study of gay men up to 21 years old showing that one in two had "slipped up" with at least two sexual partners in the preceding six months and 42 per cent reported having done so with three or more partners in the preceding 12 months.In a paper delivered to a national AIDS educators' conference in May, Gold argues that gay men who grow up in a heterosexual and frequently homophobic society "only survive and thrive by rejecting some of the most potent sexual norms around". "I think there is a possibility, which we have all but neglected, that some gay men may engage in unsafe sex precisely because such behaviour contradicts what they are told is the community norm," he says. There is general acceptance among AIDS educators that the emphasis on maintaining a safe-sex culture created an environment in which men could not discuss their lapses and, in a sense, pushed gay men back into the closet."There's so much commitment to safe sex, they've lost sight of the humanity of people involved and the fact that to be able to err is human," AIDS researcher Dr Nick Crofts says. "When you drive behaviour underground that's when it becomes really unsafe." Crofts, the head of the epidemiology and social research unit at the Macfarlane Burnett Centre, now works mainly with injecting drug users - a group viewed as the most potentially dangerous route of spreading the epidemic into the heterosexual community. But the spread among drug users has been well contained, largely attributed to needle and syringe exchanges.Crofts says the behavioural change took place well before programs were put in place. "In the addict community, people were informed . . . largely on basis of word-of-mouth education . . . and devised their own response," he says. "Information by itself isn't the thing. People who expect education to bring about structural change in areas which are the most emotionally laden and powerful areas of behaviour I think are overestimating the value of education." Instead, educators have to respond to changes in the community, reinforcing the good messages and correcting the misconceptions. Gay men's education has failed to do this.In the absence of any guidance, gay men adopted their own prevention methods. Faced with condom-only sex for the rest of their lives, gay men in regular relationships - who account for about 40 per cent of new infections - developed rules allowing condomfree sex within that relationship. Withdrawal before ejaculation also became an entrenched practice, despite the fact it is not a safe option.The next generation in AIDS education strategies, the first of which was released by ACON this week, will focus on more complex messages aimed at harm minimisation rather than simple prevention.As stated in the ACON strategy, safe sex now means informing people about reducing the risk of infection to a personally acceptable level and the focus has narrowed to gay men.The Commonwealth is also recognising the need to concentrate its efforts on gay men and the newly appointed head of the AIDS education unit in the health department, Craig Patterson, is developing a national gay education campaign."It won't be Grim Reaper-style because this is really about targeted work for gay men because the bulk of infections are still among gay men," he says."It's a cost-effective way of dealing with an epidemic that largely affects a particular group of people." Accompanying the loss of focus in education in the 1990s was a dispersion of funding. Goddard estimates less than $250,000 is spent nationally on gay men's education, and Gill estimates gay men's education receives 13 per cent of the national AIDS education budget.Expressing a commonly held view, Gill says: "We don't need to increase the total budget, we need to increase the percentage of the total budget spent on gay men." Much criticism is made of diverting money into programs such as TravelSafe, urging travellers to wear condoms overseas, and youth projects, including programs for boy scouts and girl guides.After an intense debate within the AIDS community over the past six months, AIDS education seems to be swinging back on track. It will prioritise and inform to enable complex decisions to be made on an individual basis, and there is a push to make it more honest about the misery of AIDS, to remove the romanticism that has built up."In the past four or five years, we have been so caught up promoting the benefits of safe sex and promoting the rights of people with HIV-AIDS and promoting the more positive outcomes of the community's response to AIDS that we have in a way hidden from sight the misery of this epidemic," Kinder says."I think we need to be more creative to represent this epidemic in all of its glory and all of its misery."

Load-Date: October 1, 2003


End of Document
Page  of Offering AIDS aid



Offering AIDS aid
INTELLIGENCER JOURNAL (LANCASTER, PA.)
December 2, 1998, Wednesday


Copyright 1998 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
Section: EDITORIAL,; IN OUR VIEW
Length: 329 words
Body


The touching story on the back page of Tuesday's Intell about African children orphaned by AIDS may soon begin to take on a happier twist. Tuesday afternoon, President Clinton announced plans to increase American aid and information to Africa in an attempt to help stem the AIDS epidemic there.
The president pledged $10 million to help care for foreign children whose parents have died of AIDS as part of a cluster of AIDS programs. He also announced plans to send AIDS policy adviser Sandra Thurman to determine what more the United States can do.
#AIDS.EDI#
The grave situation in Africa - in Zimbabwe, it has been reported that as many as 11 people are infected every minute - underscores the urgency of providing medicine and preventive information to people as quickly as possible.
The president's announcement came on World AIDS Day, which has been set aside for people to remember those with the disease and to work to eradicate it.
It also came on a day when AIDS Action, which represents AIDS groups from around the country, gave the Clinton administration less-than-glowing marks for its commitment to fighting the disease.
While the U.S. earned high marks for research into powerful drug cocktails that slow the effects of AIDS, the groups gave the administration mediocre grades when it came to disseminating information about preventative measures and labeled America's international efforts to control the disease a failure.
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the number of AIDS deaths in the United States fell 29 percent in 1996 and 47 percent last year. But the disease is spreading in the Third World because most developing nations cannot afford the drugs.
Tuesday's vigils highlight the need to keep AIDS awareness in the forefront. They also remind people that those with AIDS and HIV deserve our attention and our compassion.
The United States can and should do more. The president's announcement is a one step along that path.

Load-Date: October 14, 1999


End of Document
Page  of AIDS- SRI LANKA : AIDS VICTIMS FIGHT DISCRIMINATION



AIDS-SRI LANKA: AIDS VICTIMS FIGHT DISCRIMINATION
IPS-Inter Press Service
December 30, 1997, Tuesday


Copyright 1997 IPS-Inter Press Service/Global Information Network
Length: 1089 words
Byline: By Feizal Samath
Dateline: COLOMBO, Dec. 30
Body


Sherman de Rose was beaten up after he set up Sri Lanka's first gay group, Companions on a Journey, two years ago.
Fearing for his life, the gay activist and former Roman Catholic priest fled to Singapore but returned after two weeks.
"I could not keep running. I had to face up to the future."
De Rose has not only seen his gay group through hard times -- in a country that generally treats gays with distaste -- but this year, has initiated the formation of a coalition of non-governmental agencies working to combat HIV/AIDS.
This month, the Coalition to Protect the Rights of People Living with HIV and AIDS took to the streets seeking money and public support for the creation of a trust fund to help victims of the virus.
"We thought it would be a good idea, during the Christmas and New Year season, to seek donations from the public to help set up the Fund," de Rose, the Coalition's convener, told IPS.
The volunteers, accompanied by a noisy band of drummers, stopped Christmas shoppers and vehicle owners in the capital, shaking buckets and seeking donations. The response was mixed.
"Some shouted at us -- saying such people deserved it; others shied away. But there were many who smiled and slipped a coin into the till. Overall we were quite happy with the outcome," he said.
The Coalition organized its first major public event -- a candlelight memorial in the open -- on December 1 to mark World AIDS Day, focussing much-needed attention on this problem. The  Christmas appeal said the launching of the Trust Fund was to help victims who "during this season of goodwill and cheer, desperately need your help."
"We need the support of everyone -- individuals, the government and private sector in a bid to help AIDS victims," said Mallika Ganasinghe, a lawyer and Coalition member. She said what was lacking was a support structure for victims. "They need a lot of moral support, caring and a reason to get on with their lives. That is what we hope to provide."
The Coalition comprises Companions, Center for Policy Alternatives, NEST (an NGO that cares for AIDS patients), the Media Interact Group, doctors, lawyers and other professionals.
Several other NGOs and individuals have expressed interest in joining the Coalition. De Rose said the Coalition was launching the Trust to help HIV/AIDS patients buy their medicines, give dietary support and possibly provide accommodation facilities.
A series of incidents in 1987 spurred the formation of the Coalition. According to a Coalition statement, an AIDS patient was allegedly assaulted in a hospital and later died. His body lay in a mortuary for seven days because doctors were too scared to perform an autopsy. The alleged assailant was never brought to trial.
In July, newspapers reported the story of a woman who returned from the Middle East and was diagnosed as HIV positive. After her confidentiality was breached, the police took it upon themselves to "educate" her husband and her community, the statement said.
Around the same period, a doctor acquired HIV from a blood transfusion in a semi-government hospital. The director of the hospital then told the doctor to find another job.
"These were examples of obvious discrimination of people with HIV and AIDS. One of the reasons for the formation of the Coalition was that we were concerned about these fundamental human rights abuses. We are also concerned with the labelling of HIV and AIDS patients as promiscuous, or as deserving of their condition," de Rose noted.
Sri Lanka has low HIV-prevalence and far fewer AIDS cases than the rest of Asia. Government doctors say 60 of the 75 reported AIDS cases have resulted in death since the first case was diagnosed in 1987.
There are 200 more reported cases of persons carrying the HIV virus while estimates on HIV carriers range from 6,000 to 8,000.
Dr. Hemamal Jayawardene, Sri Lanka country program officer for UNAIDS, an umbrella of U.N. agencies involved in HIV/AIDS related activity, says among the many groups at risk are Sri Lanka's 12,000 odd commercial sex workers, migrant workers, prisoners and female workers at the country's free trade zones where promiscuity is high.
"This is the tip of the iceberg. This floating population is moving around not knowing that it carries the disease," notes Dr. Sujata Samarakoon from the government's Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STD) center. She said that the government was making a concerted effort towards tackling the problem through a state-run National AIDS Committee set up several years ago with NGO participation.
According to projections contained in a United Nations Development Program (UNDP) commissioned report, Sri Lanka could by the year 2005 have as many as 80,000 total cases of HIV infection with an HIV prevalence rate of 0.54 percent among the population aged 15 to 64.
Local academics say that one of the biggest obstacles faced by the NGO community in the campaign against AIDS is general lack of understanding of the problem. Sri Lankan society frowns on HIV and AIDS victims and newspapers often report how victims are chased away from their homes by neighbors or even their own families, and forced to live in hiding.
Victims are ostracized and face humiliation even at the hands of doctors and nurses who often treat them with great reluctance. Gays are in a similar plight. Treated as social outcasts, they are at times the target of police violence.
"The gay community has, for years, been stigmatized and targeted for violence and isolation after the advent of HIV/AIDS," said de Rose, who joined the Brothers of Charity and worked in Ireland for four years before returning to Sri Lanka. He left the priesthood when he discovered he couldn't cope with his own homosexual tendencies.
"There was guilt, shame and I was challenging myself all the time."
He said there was an expected shock reaction from a largely conservative society when Companions was formed.
"We decided this is not a debate -- this is about ourselves. We wanted to protect ourselves. Society can call us perverts,  deviants, whatever. We were determined to come out in public," said de Rose.
Companions has 436 members and thousands more who like to remain anonymous. "We don't ask for their names. Some of them have got together and operate through a post box number," de Rose said, adding they get a great deal of support from lesbians in the community.
The group has set up a center where gay people can congregate, relax and meet up with others. "We try to be a healer to this group. We give them space to discover their society."

Load-Date: December 31, 1997


End of Document
Page  of AIDS-like virus scare not AIDS



AIDS-like virus scare not AIDS
USA TODAY
February 11, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION


Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.
Section: NEWS; Pg. 1A
Length: 250 words
Byline: Kim Painter
Body


A mysterious AIDS-like illness that sparked fears of an epidemic among people without the AIDS virus apparently never existed, scientists say.
Instead, those with depleted immune cells and other signs of impaired immunity seem to have a hodgepodge of ills unlikely to stem from a single cause, reports today's New England Journal of Medicine.
Speculation that some new virus might be at work _ causing immune deficiency and threatening blood supplies _ surfaced during an AIDS conference last summer.
In the ensuing media scramble, hunches by scientists who thought they might be chasing this new virus made headlines.
"Public health officials were accused of being 'asleep at the wheel' as a new mystery virus was spreading," says top AIDS researcher Dr. Anthony Fauci.
No new virus has been found. And the federal Centers for Disease Control says nothing suggests such a virus exists.
"We have not found good evidence of a new infectious agent," says CDC researcher Dr. Scott Holmberg.
A review of 47 cases shows:
Such illnesses aren't new; they date from at least 1983.
They don't seem contagious. No two patients are linked by sex, household contact or blood donation.
They aren't linked to AIDS risks. Two-thirds of patients report no major AIDS risks, such as intravenous drug use, transfusion or gay sex.
While some patients with low immune-cell counts get very sick and two have died, some have no symptoms or recover. Most don't worsen steadily, as AIDS patients do.


End of Document
Page  of AM-AIDS-Funding ; With QuickFacts; AIDS groups say National AIDS Strategy needs revamping



AM-AIDS-Funding ; With QuickFacts; AIDS groups say National AIDS Strategy needs revamping
The Canadian Press (CP)
July 10, 1997 Thursday


Copyright 1997 Press News Limited, All Rights Reserved
Section: NATIONAL GENERAL NEWS
Length: 358 words
Byline: By Janice Tibbetts
Dateline: OTTAWA
Body

OTTAWA (CP) - As the face of AIDS changes so should the National AIDS Strategy, activists said Thursday.
Senior officials with the Canadian AIDS Society will meet Health Minister Allan Rock today to tell him they want a say in how $200 million promised for AIDS research and care should be spent.
The funding should take into account the rising infection rates among injection drug users, women, aboriginals and youth, said Russell Armstrong, the society's executive director.
"We're encouraged by the Liberal promise to renew the National AIDS Strategy at current levels over the next five years but it creates for us a dilemma,'' Armstrong said.
The society is struggling with which areas should receive less money in order to put more money into high-priority areas.
Although HIV infection is not spreading as rapidly among gay men as it once was, the solution is not as easy as diverting money from gay support groups to support for injection drug users.
"Gay men represent a smaller proportion of new infections, but they're overrepresented in terms of the number of people living with HIV and living with AIDS,'' Armstrong said.
"We don't have to spend as much for care and prevention but you have to maintain resources for care and support.''
One area that perhaps doesn't need as much money is the area of public sensitivity because it has come a long way, he said.
AIDS activists say provincial governments, as keepers of the health system, should also have a say in how the AIDS strategy is spent.
The strategy was put in place in the mid-1980s and is set to expire next March. The Liberals promised during the election campaign to renew the $40 million annual initiative until 2003.
A spokesman for Rock said the minister wants to hear the activists' concerns about how funding should be split up.
The Canadian AIDS Society, at the start of its six-day conference in Hull, Que., on Wednesday called on Ottawa to make a speedy decision regarding extending the strategy so programs and research don't wait in limbo.
One option would be to keep the status quo for the first year and come up with a new formula for the remaining four years, Armstrong said.

Load-Date: October 11, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS- SRI LANKA : AIDS VICTIMS FIGHT DISCRIMINATION



AIDS-SRI LANKA: AIDS VICTIMS FIGHT DISCRIMINATION
IPS-Inter Press Service
December 30, 1997, Tuesday


Copyright 1997 IPS-Inter Press Service/Global Information Network
Length: 1089 words
Byline: By Feizal Samath
Dateline: COLOMBO, Dec. 30
Body


Sherman de Rose was beaten up after he set up Sri Lanka's first gay group, Companions on a Journey, two years ago.
Fearing for his life, the gay activist and former Roman Catholic priest fled to Singapore but returned after two weeks.
"I could not keep running. I had to face up to the future."
De Rose has not only seen his gay group through hard times -- in a country that generally treats gays with distaste -- but this year, has initiated the formation of a coalition of non-governmental agencies working to combat HIV/AIDS.
This month, the Coalition to Protect the Rights of People Living with HIV and AIDS took to the streets seeking money and public support for the creation of a trust fund to help victims of the virus.
"We thought it would be a good idea, during the Christmas and New Year season, to seek donations from the public to help set up the Fund," de Rose, the Coalition's convener, told IPS.
The volunteers, accompanied by a noisy band of drummers, stopped Christmas shoppers and vehicle owners in the capital, shaking buckets and seeking donations. The response was mixed.
"Some shouted at us -- saying such people deserved it; others shied away. But there were many who smiled and slipped a coin into the till. Overall we were quite happy with the outcome," he said.
The Coalition organized its first major public event -- a candlelight memorial in the open -- on December 1 to mark World AIDS Day, focussing much-needed attention on this problem. The  Christmas appeal said the launching of the Trust Fund was to help victims who "during this season of goodwill and cheer, desperately need your help."
"We need the support of everyone -- individuals, the government and private sector in a bid to help AIDS victims," said Mallika Ganasinghe, a lawyer and Coalition member. She said what was lacking was a support structure for victims. "They need a lot of moral support, caring and a reason to get on with their lives. That is what we hope to provide."
The Coalition comprises Companions, Center for Policy Alternatives, NEST (an NGO that cares for AIDS patients), the Media Interact Group, doctors, lawyers and other professionals.
Several other NGOs and individuals have expressed interest in joining the Coalition. De Rose said the Coalition was launching the Trust to help HIV/AIDS patients buy their medicines, give dietary support and possibly provide accommodation facilities.
A series of incidents in 1987 spurred the formation of the Coalition. According to a Coalition statement, an AIDS patient was allegedly assaulted in a hospital and later died. His body lay in a mortuary for seven days because doctors were too scared to perform an autopsy. The alleged assailant was never brought to trial.
In July, newspapers reported the story of a woman who returned from the Middle East and was diagnosed as HIV positive. After her confidentiality was breached, the police took it upon themselves to "educate" her husband and her community, the statement said.
Around the same period, a doctor acquired HIV from a blood transfusion in a semi-government hospital. The director of the hospital then told the doctor to find another job.
"These were examples of obvious discrimination of people with HIV and AIDS. One of the reasons for the formation of the Coalition was that we were concerned about these fundamental human rights abuses. We are also concerned with the labelling of HIV and AIDS patients as promiscuous, or as deserving of their condition," de Rose noted.
Sri Lanka has low HIV-prevalence and far fewer AIDS cases than the rest of Asia. Government doctors say 60 of the 75 reported AIDS cases have resulted in death since the first case was diagnosed in 1987.
There are 200 more reported cases of persons carrying the HIV virus while estimates on HIV carriers range from 6,000 to 8,000.
Dr. Hemamal Jayawardene, Sri Lanka country program officer for UNAIDS, an umbrella of U.N. agencies involved in HIV/AIDS related activity, says among the many groups at risk are Sri Lanka's 12,000 odd commercial sex workers, migrant workers, prisoners and female workers at the country's free trade zones where promiscuity is high.
"This is the tip of the iceberg. This floating population is moving around not knowing that it carries the disease," notes Dr. Sujata Samarakoon from the government's Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STD) center. She said that the government was making a concerted effort towards tackling the problem through a state-run National AIDS Committee set up several years ago with NGO participation.
According to projections contained in a United Nations Development Program (UNDP) commissioned report, Sri Lanka could by the year 2005 have as many as 80,000 total cases of HIV infection with an HIV prevalence rate of 0.54 percent among the population aged 15 to 64.
Local academics say that one of the biggest obstacles faced by the NGO community in the campaign against AIDS is general lack of understanding of the problem. Sri Lankan society frowns on HIV and AIDS victims and newspapers often report how victims are chased away from their homes by neighbors or even their own families, and forced to live in hiding.
Victims are ostracized and face humiliation even at the hands of doctors and nurses who often treat them with great reluctance. Gays are in a similar plight. Treated as social outcasts, they are at times the target of police violence.
"The gay community has, for years, been stigmatized and targeted for violence and isolation after the advent of HIV/AIDS," said de Rose, who joined the Brothers of Charity and worked in Ireland for four years before returning to Sri Lanka. He left the priesthood when he discovered he couldn't cope with his own homosexual tendencies.
"There was guilt, shame and I was challenging myself all the time."
He said there was an expected shock reaction from a largely conservative society when Companions was formed.
"We decided this is not a debate -- this is about ourselves. We wanted to protect ourselves. Society can call us perverts,  deviants, whatever. We were determined to come out in public," said de Rose.
Companions has 436 members and thousands more who like to remain anonymous. "We don't ask for their names. Some of them have got together and operate through a post box number," de Rose said, adding they get a great deal of support from lesbians in the community.
The group has set up a center where gay people can congregate, relax and meet up with others. "We try to be a healer to this group. We give them space to discover their society."

Load-Date: January 1, 1998


End of Document
Page  of AM-AIDS-Notebook ; With Vars AIDS-Conference



AM-AIDS-Notebook ; With Vars AIDS-Conference
The Canadian Press (CP)
July 8, 1996 Monday


Copyright 1996 Press News Limited, All Rights Reserved
Section: NATIONAL GENERAL NEWS
Length: 368 words
Body

A notebook of items from the 11th International AIDS conference in Vancouver:
A generation of young gay men in the industrialized world, ignoring the lessons of the AIDS epidemic, risk a new wave of HIV infection by engaging in dangerous sex, researchers say.
The trend means substantial numbers of gay men who came of age after the AIDS epidemic was recognized are already infected. Many more will get the virus.
The pattern has now been documented across the United States, Europe and Canada.
"The epidemic of HIV among young gay men is not only an individual tragedy but is certainly also a major public health concern,'' said John de Wit, a psychologist at the University of Utrecht in the Netherlands.
In some parts of the United States, as many as one in 10 gay men under age 25 carries the virus, and the risk seems to be especially high for nonwhite minorities.
"The figures are high, very high, especially if we consider that these young men have become sexually active in an era in which massive effort was exerted to increase awareness of HIV risk behaviors and to promote safer sex,'' he said.
Surveys have found that about one-third of young gay men in their 20s engage in anal sex without condoms, the riskiest form of homosexual behavior.
---
A combination of Norvir, developed by Abbott Laboratories, and two other drugs beat back the AIDS virus for 60 weeks in a clinical trial, the company said Monday.
Abbott said 17 patients in France with advanced HIV infection were given Norvir, Glaxo Wellcome Plc's AZT and Roche Holding Ltd.'s Hivid.
After 60 weeks, the count of the patients' disease-fighting CD4 cells rose to a mean of 337 from a mean of 155 cells, the company said.
The assault by HIV on CD4 cells leads to the breakdown of the immune system, leaving patients vulnerable diseases. In a measure of the virus's presence, the number of infectious blood cells was cut by about 99 percent after 60 weeks, Abbott said.
New drugs, called protease inhibitors, block an enzyme crucial to the multiplication of HIV. Tests so far have shown that when taken in multidrug ''cocktails,'' they reduced the virus in the blood to undetectable levels.
But no one knows how effective they will be over the long term.

Load-Date: October 11, 2002


End of Document
Page  of VITAMIN B12 MAY SLOW PROGRESSION OF AIDS aids aids



VITAMIN B12 MAY SLOW PROGRESSION OF AIDS aids aids
$%Charleston Gazette (West Virginia) virginia) virginia)
February 01, 1997, Saturday saturday saturday


Copyright 1997 Charleston Newspapers newspapers newspapers
Section: News; Pg. P3B P3B P3B
Length: 762 words
Byline: New York Times Service service service
Body


WASHINGTON - Men who are infected with the virus that causes AIDS
appear to progress to the full-blown disease much more quickly if they
are deficient in vitamin B12, researchers said Friday.
Scientists from Johns Hopkins University said a study of 310 gay and
bisexual men who were infected with HIV, the AIDS virus, found that
those with adequate blood levels of B12 remained free of the disease
for about eight years, compared with four years for those deficient in
the nutrient.
The researchers, led by Dr. Alice M. Tang of the Johns Hopkins School
of Hygiene and Public Health, said two other important nutrients
tested, vitamin B6 and folic acid, had shown no similar link with the
development of AIDS by men infected by HIV.
Tang said even though her work and similar observational studies by
other researchers did not prove that B12 deficiencies meant less
favorable outcomes for HIV-infected patients, the link was strong
enough to be examined more rigorously in controlled clinical trials.  trials.  trials.
"We need to do clinical trials to see if improvement in the levels of
nutrients like B12, with vitamin supplements, delays disease
progression or improves outcome," she said in a telephone interview.
"Further studies are needed to determine the cause of low B12 levels."
But Tang said results of her study, published in the February issue of
The Journal of Nutrition, suggest that HIV-infected patients should
have their B12 levels monitored and take steps to maintain adequate
nutrition.
The B vitamins, including B12 and folic acid, play crucial roles in
protein and DNA synthesis, experts say, and deficiencies can lead to
immune and cognitive problems. The chief sources of B12, a
water-soluble vitamin that is not stored in the body, are animal
products, including meat, milk and eggs.
Tang and her colleagues noted that other researchers had found that
serum levels of vitamins B6 and B12 tended to be low among people
infected with HIV. They said other researchers also had seen less
consistent evidence of a link to some folic acid deficiencies.
It remains uncertain whether vitamin B12 concentrations are a
contributing factor to HIV progression or the result of the infection,
the researchers said, but evidence from their study points to the
former.
The researchers studied men with an average age of 34 from the
Baltimore and Washington area who had enrolled in an AIDS study in
1984. The scientists examined blood samples taken at the start of this
study and examined the men periodically for nine years to look at
changes in serum levels of micronutrients. They also used food
questionnaires to assess food intake.
The researchers found that 12 percent of the men had low vitamin B12
levels, that 11 percent had low serum B6 and that 8 percent were
deficient in folate, or folic acid.
"We found that the median AIDS-free time was four years shorter in the
low serum-vitamin B12 group," they said. "However, for the other two
micronutrients studied, neither low serum concentrations of vitamin B6
or low levels of folate were associated with quicker progression to
AIDS."
To address the question of whether the vitamin B12 deficiency was the
contributing factor, the researchers did a special analysis with 217
test subjects who had shown no AIDS symptoms when they entered the
study.
Looking at only the healthiest patients, Tang said, the researchers
still found that low B12 levels were significantly associated with an
increased risk of progression to AIDS.
Tang said the researchers did not see any benefit for the few patients
who had higher than normal levels of vitamin B12. If there is a
benefit to vitamin supplementation, she said, getting enough to bring
levels back to normal appears sufficient for any therapeutic effect.
Dr. Marianna K. Baum, director of the Center for Disease Prevention at
the University of Miami School of Medicine, said the new findings were
consistent with earlier work showing that AIDS patients suffered from
vitamin deficiencies, including the B vitamins. "Our data supports
their observations," she said of the new work.
Baum, who has studied nutrition and HIV and AIDS patients for more
than a decade, said she had applied for federal funds to conduct a
controlled trial in which HIV patients would be given supplements of
vitamins, including B12, over time to see if that stabilized their
condition.
Baum said her group had found a slight but measurable mental or
cognitive deficit related to low B12 levels in some patients with
early HIV infections. "We may see that adequate B12 levels improve
disease progress as well as cognition in these patients," she said.  said.  said.

Load-Date: February 1, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Gays praise AIDS ads



Gays praise AIDS ads
Herald Sun
January 11, 1993 Monday


Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 246 words
Byline: JOVETIC M
Body


THE Victorian AIDS Council has welcomed a $2 million Federal Government campaign to counter discrimination against people with the fatal disease.
 The campaign, launched yesterday, is titled "AIDS doesn't discriminate . . . people do".
 It uses real HIV-AIDS sufferers from different walks of life in the television and print advertisements.
 The Victorian AIDS Council-Gay Men's Health Centre said people with AIDS were often discriminated against.
 President Mr Michael Bartos said that for discrimination, as with AIDS, prevention was better than cure.
 "Vigorous public education, backed up with anti-discrimination laws, is needed to combat discrimination against people with HIV," Mr Bartos said.
 Equal Opportunity Commissioner Moira Rayner recently reported a 50 per cent increase in HIV-related discrimination complaints.
 "Every member of the public needs to realise that discrimination against people with HIV is unacceptable," Mr Bartos said.
 The federal Minister for Health, Housing and Community Services, Mr Brian Howe, said the campaign aimed to stop discrimination against sufferers and their families.
 The ads feature several sufferers of various ages and backgrounds, including a 51-year-old lecturer, a 30-year-old Aboriginal father and a 29-year-old gay man.
 The National People Living with AIDS coalition also praised the new campaign, but said it should be supported by comprehensive laws making discrimination illegal.
 END OF STORY

Load-Date: November 28, 2003


End of Document
Page  of India relaunches war on AIDS aids aids



India relaunches war on AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
July 03, 1997 1997 1997 0313 0313 031303:13 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 547 words
Dateline: NEW DELHI, July 3 3 3
Body


India relaunched its battle against AIDS Thursday, with a minister warning immediate action was needed to stop the disease becoming endemic.
Renuka Chowdhury, junior minister for health and family welfare, told a press conference that a "terrible sense of urgency" was needed.
She said New Delhi had ordered blood banks to examine their stocks for contaminated blood while tougher checks for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) were being carried out on sex workers.  workers.  workers.
"We have also roped in truckers, who belong to the top-risk category, to spread the message of AIDS. We have installed condom vending machines at public places and involved non-governmental organisations in spreading AIDS awareness," she said.
"No more are there boundaries for AIDS … We have to address the problem of AIDS before it assumes endemic proportions."
United Nations projections say India is expected to become the world's AIDS capital by 2000, with five million cases.
Indian government figures show 35,551 full-blown AIDS cases have been reported in the country since May this year,
The Indian Health Organisation (IHO), however, claims that the country already tops the world in AIDS victims, with 250,000 confirmed cases and five million HIV infections among a population of 950 million.
Many blood banks reportedly stock contaminated blood from improperly screened paid volunteers. India's Supreme Court has ruled that "professional blood donations" should be banned by the end of 1997.
Chowdhury said 86 non-governmental organisations were in education programmes in 26 Indian cities while social workers were launching awareness campaigns in villages.
She added there were 124 full-blow case of AIDS in children in India.
"Though the numbers are small, we have to take note of it now as the numbers are bound to go up in the near future."
The minister said the cost of treatment for the disease -- estimated at 1,285 dollars per person each year -- had "prevented most of the poor sections of the society from taking treatment.
"We have a large section of poor and illiterate who can ill-afford medical care."
jay/tl/lk lk lk

Load-Date: July 3, 1997


End of Document
Page  of AIDS FIGHTER



AIDS FIGHTER
Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)
February 24, 1994, Thursday


Copyright 1994 Charleston Newspapers
Section: Editorial; Pg. P4A
Length: 444 words
Byline: - Philadelphia Daily News
Body


RANDY SHILTS, AN OPENLY GAY JOURNALIST AND THE
first to see the public health crisis AIDS eventually would become,
has died of the disease.
Shilts's death comes at a time when AIDS seems to finally have
been deemed worthy of notice by mainstream America.  It is the
subject of a hit Broadway play, the movie "Philadelphia" as well as
the HBO rendition of Shilts's own acclaimed book on America's screwed
up response to the problem, "And the Band Played On."
At the same time, there is a growing epidemic of charges about
the campaign to fight AIDS. The effort under the Clinton
administration has been strengthened.  More could be done - but then,
more could be done to pursue cures and prevention of a host of other
diseases.
Yet, some AIDS advocates claim the government is pursuing
genocide against gays through the disease. Others hold government
leaders responsible for the deaths.  Everyone's motives are
questioned.  It almost seems as if some believe a cure has been
found, but is being withheld.
As a "reporter first," Randy Shilts illustrated a truth about
most of life's tragedies, including AIDS: Rather than massive
single-minded conspiracy, bad things often flourish because of
pettiness, incompetence, ignorance, prejudice, and very bad luck.
In his book, Shilts chronicled how all segments of society
languished in denial while AIDS spread.  In his exquisitely fair
analysis, no one was spared _ not the Reagan administration, in
thrall to the religious right, which obstructed the efforts of the
public health apparatus; not the medical researchers, in competition
to enhance their own reputations; not the media, which ignored AIDS
because it affected mostly gay men; and not the gay community itself,
which resisted acknowledging unpleasant truths about unsafe sex.
Those were the facts as Shilts uncovered them, and how he
presented them. They got him in trouble with some of his friends,
because they countered preferred theories. They were used by all
sides: those pushing for more effort to combat the disease, and those
wanting to blame the gay community for its own misfortune.
That goes with the territory, of course, and Shilts accepted it.
When he learned he had HIV years ago, he didn't reveal it until last
year. Writers with AIDS become advocates and he wanted to stay a
reporter.
Without question, advocates for AIDS-related issues have been
catalysts for improvements in public understanding of disease and in
efforts to respond to the epidemic.
But facts - even uncomfortable or discouraging facts - are at
least as necessary to the fight against AIDS… As are the people
with the skill to find them and the courage to present them, no
matter who gets mad.
_Philadelphia Daily News

Load-Date: January 30, 1995


End of Document
Page  of AIDS



AIDS
CNN Health Works
June 16, 1990


Copyright 1990 Cable News Network, Inc.  All rights reserved
Section: News; Package
Length: 526 words
Byline: ANDREW HOLTZ; DAN RUTZ;
Highlight: Fear and prejudice burdens those who have the disease
Body


HOLTZ: The Third Epidemic. That's the title of a new report on the fear and prejudice that travels with AIDS. Jeff Levine reports on concerns that AIDS discrimination may hamper efforts to fight the disease.
JEFF LEVINE, CNN Health Week: [voice-over] Those who live with AIDS also live with the stigma of the incurable illness. The double burden is particularly difficult for AIDS patients who often find themselves ostracized because of their disease.
 
BUDDY CLARK, AIDS Patient: The time is coming when more and more people are going to realize that this is not a gay disease, this is not a black disease. This is a disease that's going to affect everyone.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] AIDS phobia is the subject of The Third Epidemic, a new report published by the Panos Institute, an international research organization. The first epidemic was the hidden spread of the AIDS virus. The second was the surfacing of the contagion in the '80's. The third epidemic, says the report's principal researcher, is denial and discrimination, both on the individual and the governmental level.
 
MARTIN FOREMAN, Panos Institute: Every negative response to HIV and AIDS, whether it's the sudden and violent attack on an individual or the calculated response of a government, reinforces the stigma of AIDS.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] AIDS activists take particular issue with U.S. Immigration policy which denies visas to those who test positive for the HIV or AIDS virus. And the Panos Institute's Foreman says a new exemption allowing those people 10-day visas is unlikely to stave off a boycott by some 100 groups of next week's International AIDS Conference in San Francisco.
 
Mr. FOREMAN: The policy, even as it still stands, is discriminatory against people with HIV.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] Since 1987, more than three million people seeking legal entry into the U.S. have been screened for the AIDS virus under current immigration policy. But an article in the current New England Journal of Medicine concludes the effort is counterproductive.
 
PAUL CLEARY, Ph.D., Harvard Medical School: And this is the kind of policy that, on first view, makes perfect sense, on second view makes no sense. It doesn't reduce the rate of infection, it doesn't really reduce transmission. It may, in fact, distract from the more primary goals of education and treatment of HIV-infected persons.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] Those concerned with AIDS-related prejudice point out that it extends beyond travel restrictions to the workplace, housing and access to health care.
 
[on camera] Like the disease itself, there is no cure for the prejudice that accompanies AIDS as a cruel side effect. Even doctors are not immune. In a New York study, many indicated they might refuse to treat a patient afflicted with AIDS.
 
HOLTZ: Tell Grandma to go lift weights and she might tell you you're crazy.
 
[voice-over] Coming up, the lifelong benefits of pumping iron.
 
[Commercial break]
 
The preceding text has been professionally transcribed.  However, although the text has been checked against an audio track, in order to meet rigid distribution and transmission deadlines, it has not yet been proofread against videotape.

Load-Date: July 16, 1993


End of Document
Page  of AIDS AVENGER



AIDS AVENGER
The Irish Times
October 5, 1995, CITY EDITION


Copyright 1995 The Irish Times
Section: EDITORIAL PAGE; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. 15
Length: 243 words
Byline: From SENATOR DAVID NORRIS
Body


Sir, - I was surprised to read (September 16th) a piece related to the recent Dungarvan aids scare under the heading "Myth of the AIDS avenger still has great power". This was written by Mary Braid and Ian MacKinnon and reprinted from the London Independent.
95100500106The article starts by asserting a very negative view of gay people who in fact have been generally highly responsible in their approach to the AIDS threat, "There have been terrifying reports of AIDS avengers before: Homosexual men deliberately infecting partners with the HIV virus, motivated by twisted revenge or blind fury at their own diagnosis."
Having made these highly coloured claims the authors adduce three cases in support - Alberto Gonzalez - apparently a promiscuous heterosexual and Dwight Smallwood who spread the infection by raping a woman. Both of these cases occurred in the US. A third and final case cited is that of Briton Roy Cornes, a haemophiliac, who deliberately infected four women. Not one single case is mentioned of a specific "Gay Avenger", though no doubt such exist. One is left nevertheless with the message that it is gay people primarily who act in this callous, uncaring and criminal manner. I am surprised that the Independent chose to print such a piece, and even more surprised that your newspaper chose to give it further currency by reprinting its unsubstantiated and provocative attack on gay people. - Yours, etc.,
Azza Street,
Jerusalem.

Load-Date: October 5, 1995


End of Document
Page  of AIDS FIGHTER



AIDS FIGHTER
Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)
February 24, 1994, Thursday


Copyright 1994 Charleston Newspapers
Section: Editorial; Pg. P4A
Length: 444 words
Byline: - Philadelphia Daily News
Body


RANDY SHILTS, AN OPENLY GAY JOURNALIST AND THE
first to see the public health crisis AIDS eventually would become,
has died of the disease.
Shilts's death comes at a time when AIDS seems to finally have
been deemed worthy of notice by mainstream America.  It is the
subject of a hit Broadway play, the movie "Philadelphia" as well as
the HBO rendition of Shilts's own acclaimed book on America's screwed
up response to the problem, "And the Band Played On."
At the same time, there is a growing epidemic of charges about
the campaign to fight AIDS. The effort under the Clinton
administration has been strengthened.  More could be done - but then,
more could be done to pursue cures and prevention of a host of other
diseases.
Yet, some AIDS advocates claim the government is pursuing
genocide against gays through the disease. Others hold government
leaders responsible for the deaths.  Everyone's motives are
questioned.  It almost seems as if some believe a cure has been
found, but is being withheld.
As a "reporter first," Randy Shilts illustrated a truth about
most of life's tragedies, including AIDS: Rather than massive
single-minded conspiracy, bad things often flourish because of
pettiness, incompetence, ignorance, prejudice, and very bad luck.
In his book, Shilts chronicled how all segments of society
languished in denial while AIDS spread.  In his exquisitely fair
analysis, no one was spared _ not the Reagan administration, in
thrall to the religious right, which obstructed the efforts of the
public health apparatus; not the medical researchers, in competition
to enhance their own reputations; not the media, which ignored AIDS
because it affected mostly gay men; and not the gay community itself,
which resisted acknowledging unpleasant truths about unsafe sex.
Those were the facts as Shilts uncovered them, and how he
presented them. They got him in trouble with some of his friends,
because they countered preferred theories. They were used by all
sides: those pushing for more effort to combat the disease, and those
wanting to blame the gay community for its own misfortune.
That goes with the territory, of course, and Shilts accepted it.
When he learned he had HIV years ago, he didn't reveal it until last
year. Writers with AIDS become advocates and he wanted to stay a
reporter.
Without question, advocates for AIDS-related issues have been
catalysts for improvements in public understanding of disease and in
efforts to respond to the epidemic.
But facts - even uncomfortable or discouraging facts - are at
least as necessary to the fight against AIDS… As are the people
with the skill to find them and the courage to present them, no
matter who gets mad.
_Philadelphia Daily News

Load-Date: January 30, 1995


End of Document
Page  of AIDS



AIDS
CNN Health Works
June 16, 1990


Copyright 1990 Cable News Network, Inc.  All rights reserved
Section: News; Package
Length: 526 words
Byline: ANDREW HOLTZ; DAN RUTZ;
Highlight: Fear and prejudice burdens those who have the disease
Body


HOLTZ: The Third Epidemic. That's the title of a new report on the fear and prejudice that travels with AIDS. Jeff Levine reports on concerns that AIDS discrimination may hamper efforts to fight the disease.
JEFF LEVINE, CNN Health Week: [voice-over] Those who live with AIDS also live with the stigma of the incurable illness. The double burden is particularly difficult for AIDS patients who often find themselves ostracized because of their disease.
 
BUDDY CLARK, AIDS Patient: The time is coming when more and more people are going to realize that this is not a gay disease, this is not a black disease. This is a disease that's going to affect everyone.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] AIDS phobia is the subject of The Third Epidemic, a new report published by the Panos Institute, an international research organization. The first epidemic was the hidden spread of the AIDS virus. The second was the surfacing of the contagion in the '80's. The third epidemic, says the report's principal researcher, is denial and discrimination, both on the individual and the governmental level.
 
MARTIN FOREMAN, Panos Institute: Every negative response to HIV and AIDS, whether it's the sudden and violent attack on an individual or the calculated response of a government, reinforces the stigma of AIDS.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] AIDS activists take particular issue with U.S. Immigration policy which denies visas to those who test positive for the HIV or AIDS virus. And the Panos Institute's Foreman says a new exemption allowing those people 10-day visas is unlikely to stave off a boycott by some 100 groups of next week's International AIDS Conference in San Francisco.
 
Mr. FOREMAN: The policy, even as it still stands, is discriminatory against people with HIV.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] Since 1987, more than three million people seeking legal entry into the U.S. have been screened for the AIDS virus under current immigration policy. But an article in the current New England Journal of Medicine concludes the effort is counterproductive.
 
PAUL CLEARY, Ph.D., Harvard Medical School: And this is the kind of policy that, on first view, makes perfect sense, on second view makes no sense. It doesn't reduce the rate of infection, it doesn't really reduce transmission. It may, in fact, distract from the more primary goals of education and treatment of HIV-infected persons.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] Those concerned with AIDS-related prejudice point out that it extends beyond travel restrictions to the workplace, housing and access to health care.
 
[on camera] Like the disease itself, there is no cure for the prejudice that accompanies AIDS as a cruel side effect. Even doctors are not immune. In a New York study, many indicated they might refuse to treat a patient afflicted with AIDS.
 
HOLTZ: Tell Grandma to go lift weights and she might tell you you're crazy.
 
[voice-over] Coming up, the lifelong benefits of pumping iron.
 
[Commercial break]
 
The preceding text has been professionally transcribed.  However, although the text has been checked against an audio track, in order to meet rigid distribution and transmission deadlines, it has not yet been proofread against videotape.

Load-Date: August 25, 1993


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Protest



AIDS Protest
City News Service
July 14, 1999, Wednesday


Copyright 1999 City News Service, Inc.
No City News Service material may be republished without the express written permission of City News Service, Inc.
Length: 335 words
Byline: By DAVID HOUSTON
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


About 500 gay and lesbian Christians protested in Los Angeles today over the immigration service's denial of visas to allow two HIV-
positive church members from Australia to attend a conference here.
''We are the only country who will not permit people with HIV and AIDS to come into the country,'' said the Rev. Terry Perry, who founded the Universal
Fellowship of Metropolitan Community Churches 30 years ago.
The MCC, the world's largest Christian denomination for gays and lesbians, is holding its general conference this week at the Westin Bonaventure in
 downtown Los Angeles.
AIDS ProtestCity News Service
The Immigration and Naturalization Service bars people with some communicable diseases, including the virus that causes AIDS, from coming to
 the United States. The policy has been a source of contention for years,
 especially when the United States hosted the world AIDS conference.
A spokesman for the INS had no immediate comment about the two Australians.
But Perry had plenty to say: ''This is a crazy policy. HIV is not easy to catch.''
Last week, an HIV-positive man from Toronto was denied a visa to come to New York for gay pride festivities, Perry said.
Perry said those attending the MCC conference were so upset when they heard two delegates were detained -- while attempting to board a plane in Australia
-- that they decided to protest outside the downtown federal building, where
 the INS has its district offices.
They carried signs that read ''The Body of Christ Has AIDS'' and ''No Room In The Inn'' with a line slashed through the ''Inn'' and ''INS'' written in
 its place. They prayed and sang hymns as federal police stood nearby.
Perry said the delegates also were upset because five black South Africans attending the conference were initially denied visas, while whites from that
 country had no trouble getting into the United States.
It was only after the intervention of the Rev. Jesse Jackson and Rep. Henry Waxman, D-Los Angeles, that the black South Africans were granted visas, Perry
 said.

Load-Date: July 15, 1999


End of Document
Page  of AM-PARL-Marleau-Aids ; Gay MPs blast Marleau on AIDS funding



AM-PARL-Marleau-Aids ; Gay MPs blast Marleau on AIDS funding
The Canadian Press (CP)
February 8, 1995 Wednesday


Copyright 1995 Press News Limited, All Rights Reserved
Section: NATIONAL GENERAL NEWS
Length: 343 words
Byline: By Dennis Bueckert
Dateline: OTTAWA
Body

OTTAWA (CP) - A gay MP whose partner is infected by the AIDS virus says it's "criminal'' that Health Minister Diane Marleau is holding back funds she could use for AIDS programs.
"I live with someone who is infected,'' Bloc Quebecois MP Real Menard said during a Commons committee meeting.
"When the minister tells us she's not obliged to spend all the money it's criminal. There's no other word, it's criminal.''
Marleau has refused to finance seven AIDS-related projects in Quebec even though she has discretion to spend another $1.1 million for AIDS this year, said Menard.
Another gay MP, New Democrat Svend Robinson, also blasted the minister.
"At a time that the need for funding for HIV and AIDS is greater than ever, this minister is refusing to give us an assurance that she's even prepared to hold the line on the existing level of funding. That's very tragic.''
Marleau said there is massive funding already going to AIDS and additional money would have to come from other health programs which are also important.
"I have programs for children, I have programs for breast cancer, I have a host of programs . . . I mean it's a question of balancing who do I take it from.''
The government announced in 1993 that it would allocate $203.5 million over five years for a national AIDS strategy.
The Health Department also said it would spend up to $1.5 million a year in additional funds to deal with short-term needs as determined by the health minister.
So far this year, Marleau has allocated $400,000 in spending for short-term needs. Menard says that leaves $1.1 million unspent.
Marleau said she has discretionary power to use the money for AIDS but only if it is taken from other programs in her department.
She said she could not give assurances that AIDS funding won't be cut in the coming budget.
"You understand that the funds that we have now is a massive block of funds - $40.7 million a year plus this $1.5 million - more than we spend on most other programs. In this very difficult budget time the minister of finance has to make some tough decisions.''

Load-Date: October 13, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Delegation



AIDS Delegation
City News Service
May 17, 1999, Monday


Copyright 1999 City News Service, Inc.
No City News Service material may be republished without the express written permission of City News Service, Inc.
Length: 244 words
Dateline: LONG BEACH
Body


The head of the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Greater Long Beach said today he is part of a delegation that will go to  
 Washington, D.C. to discuss AIDS issues.
Dr. Martin McCombs said he was asked to join the group last week, along with Nettie De'Augustine of the Long Beach Health Department.
AIDS Delegation
The delegation was put together by Chuck Henry, director of the Los Angeles County Office of AIDS Programs and Policies, McCombs added.
The group will meet with congressional leaders and National AIDS Policy Office administrators. They will talk about various issues, including the
 reauthorization of the Ryan White CARE Act and HIV prevention.
McCombs said he is ''collecting letters from anyone affected by HIV to carry to these legislators and federal HIV policy administrators, to make sure
 these very human, day-to-day stories are on their minds as much as any budget
or strategic issue.''  
''I believe it's critical (that) legislators and administrators not only hear from those of us with administrative and professional expertise on HIV
 infection, but also those people whose lives are consumed with the meaning of
living with HIV or having loved ones dealing with this disease,'' McCombs
 said.
Letters should be sent to Dr. Martin McCombs, executive director of the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Greater Long Beach, 2017 E. Fourth St., Long
 Beach, 90814-1001, or faxed to (562) 433-6428.
The letters must get to McCombs by 5 p.m. Wednesday.

Notes

Dr. Martin McCombs of the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Greater Long

Load-Date: May 18, 1999


End of Document
Page  of Aids Funding



Aids Funding
City News Service
May 10, 1996, Friday


Copyright 1996 City News Service, Inc.
No City News Service material may be republished without the express written permission of City News Service, Inc.
Length: 463 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Activists with a bullhorn and whistles marched near City Hall today, to protest what they claim is the mayor's lack of
 aggressiveness in seeking funds for those with AIDS.  
One of those in the procession was 16-year county Human Relations Commissioner Morris Kight. The 60ish Kight used a walker to shuffle along
 with his younger counterparts.
AIDSFUNDING
As a commissioner, I understand that it's the county that is designated by the California Constitution to provide health care,'' he
 said, but that's not the point.''
Kight said San Francisco gets about $6,000 in federal AIDS funding per capita, compared to $2,300 for Los Angeles.  
 The mayor's AIDS office (headed by Ferd Eggan) said that it would be self-serving for the city office to lobby directly for funds. That's
 recorded in a meeting,'' Kight said, referring to the CARE Ryan White''
 AIDS act money.  What an unkind thing to say.''
Eggan said the City Hall demonstration was designed to embarrass Mayor Richard Riordan. Recent ads that insinuate that Eggan suggested cutting
 AIDS funding are simply untrue,'' the coordinator said.  
 The fact is the act was designed to take the burden off cities with high concentrations of AIDS,'' he said.
 San Francisco and Los Angeles have (recorded) about 25,000 AIDS cases each, but what's the countywide population, here? Eight million? It's
 spread over a larger tax base.''
Eggan defended the mayor, saying if the Ryan White'' AIDS act had passed in the form Riordan advocated, Los Angeles would have gotten more
 money.
Kight said he helped found the Gay and Lesbian Services center in Hollywood when the disease was still known as The Gay Immunity Disease.''
He said the mayor and the city's lobbyists should be doing more in Washington and Sacramento to get additional AIDS funding.
Mayor's spokeswoman Noelia Rodriguez said city-administered AIDS funding has increased dramatically since Riordan succeeded Tom Bradley.
Plus, she said, federal AIDS funding formulas are based on the concentration of AIDS patients in a particular county.
 Of course, New York and San Francisco are going to get more money,'' Rodriguez said.  
 Last October, the mayor wrote to Republicans in Congress asking them to reinstate the Ryan White' AIDS act,'' she said. And the mayor has
 lobbied for federal money, she said.      
Peter Cashman, 47, attracted only a couple of reporters to his news conference.
 It's a disgrace that Los Angeles, with 3.5 million people, gets less funding than San Francisco,'' he said.
Cashman, a native of the south Australian island of Tasmania, has long been affiliated with ACT UP. The way he understands it Los Angeles won't
 get a dime'' from the Ryan White'' act.
He said today's protest was dedicated to activist Connie Norman, who is in the Chris Brownlie AIDS Hospice.

Notes

Kight and Ferd are correct; Cesar Portillo of the AIDS coalition is at (213

Load-Date: May 11, 1996


End of Document
Page  of (AIDS)



(AIDS)
The Age (Melbourne, Australia)
March 30, 1994 Wednesday
Late Edition


Copyright 1994 The Age Company Limited All Rights Reserved
Section: TEMPO; Consultation; Pg. 14
Length: 727 words
Byline: Dr Andrew Patton
Body


AS OF 30 June last year, there had been 17,475 documented cases of HIV infection in Australia. Among these were 4258 cases of AIDS and 2786 deaths. No other illness in recent history has had such a sudden and continuing impact on people's lives.
AIDS stands for the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome and is the most serious stage of a disease that results from infection with HIV, the Human Immunodeficiency Virus. HIV attacks and breaks down the body's immune system, leading to severe illnesses and overwhelming infections. Conditions that are normally of no concern become life- threatening and extremely difficult to treat. Infection with HIV causes a spectrum of conditions, from being HIV positive and feeling perfectly well to the most severe form of AIDS.
When a person has been infected with HIV, an antibody appears in the blood, which can be detected by a simple blood test. If the antibody is found, the person is said to be HIV positive. It may take from three weeks to three months for someone who has come into contact with the HIV virus to show positive in a blood test. During this so- called window period, a person can carry the virus and still have a negative blood test.
Before any HIV test is performed, a detailed discussion with the doctor is essential; both positive and negative tests have very important implications. Initially, it was thought that only some HIV- positive people went on to develop AIDS. But we now know that everyone who becomes HIV-positive eventually progresses to AIDS, though it may take 10 years or more.
The first case of AIDS was diagnosed in the United States in 1981; the first in Australia was in 1982. The actual HIV virus was isolated the following year. It is not certain where the virus originated. More recently, another infection, HIV-2, has been isolated. However, only two cases of HIV-2 have been detected so far in Australia.
In the early 1980s, about 300 people in Australia acquired HIV through blood transfusions or blood products contaminated with the virus. Since May 1985, all Red Cross Blood Bank donations are tested for HIV-1 and, more recently, for HIV-2. It is now almost impossible for anyone in Australia to be infected with HIV from a blood transfusion. Babies have acquired HIV from mothers during pregnancy, at birth, or occasionally from breast milk. There have also been very rare occurrences of HIV acquired from surgical contamination.
But by far the most common means of infection are through unsafe sex with someone who has the virus, and by injecting drugs using contaminated needles or syringes. So far, the sexual transmission of HIV in Australia has occurred mainly among homosexual and bisexual men and occasionally their partners. A pressing question is how rapidly it will spread by heterosexual contact, as it already has in Africa, several Asian countries and in some areas of the US. The presence of other sexually transmitted conditions, such as genital herpes, increases the risk of acquiring HIV by sexual contact.
All people need to be fully aware of what safer sex is all about, and to learn about it from an early age. Although Australia has an enviable record for prompt response and public education, a strong and continued commitment is required.
After the massive initial impact on the gay community and injecting drug users, the rate of the spread of the disease in Australia has slowed somewhat. But it will simmer away at a steady rate for many years, with heterosexual spread becoming more common.
Internationally, HIV/AIDS has become a disease of the poor. Poverty, inadequate health education and government inaction have become the major obstacles to control in many countries. Like other communities around the world, our Aboriginal people are at particular risk. Now is the time for detailed study and consultation, before widespread HIV/AIDS infection occurs.
As yet there is no cure for HIV/AIDS. Several drugs such as AZT have been shown to be effective in increasing the life-span of people with AIDS. There are several medications for treating infections and other complications. Safer sexual practices are essential to reduce the risk of transmission of HIV. Lifestyle factors can help maintain the health of people with HIV/AIDS. Regular medical checks are also important to monitor immune system function and to detect any early signs of infection.

Load-Date: July 25, 2007


End of Document
Page  of Call to arms issued against HIV/AIDS aids aids



Call to arms issued against HIV/AIDS aids aids
$%Charleston Gazette (West Virginia) virginia) virginia)
December 02, 1998, Wednesday wednesday wednesday


Copyright 1998 Charleston Newspapers newspapers newspapers
Section: News; Pg. P9A P9A P9A
Length: 403 words
Body


JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (AP) - Activists across the globe marched
in streets, handed out condoms and staged concerts Tuesday to draw
attention to the need for halting the spread of AIDS, which will kill
millions in this year alone.
Underscoring the sometimes festive events on World AIDS Day was a
chilling fact: Although powerful new medicines are helping rich
countries win the battle against AIDS, the disease has reached
epidemic proportions on continents where people can't afford the
drugs.
About 33.4 million people are infected worldwide with HIV, two-thirds
of them in sub-Saharan Africa. In Asia and the Pacific, 700,000 people people people
contract HIV every year.
In sub-Saharan Africa, the 1998 death toll from AIDS is expected to
reach 2 million, and 1.7 million more people in the region will become
infected with HIV this year.
"In the case of HIV/AIDS, the difference in wealth becomes literally a
matter of life and death," said Mary Robinson, the United Nations High
Commissioner for Human Rights.
From bars in Hong Kong to parks in South Africa, activists preached
the need for safe sex. People pinned red ribbons on lapels to express
solidarity in the fight against AIDS.
s In India, where as many as 5 million people are HIV positive,
hundreds of schoolchildren marched beside prostitutes in New Delhi,
waving banners declaring "Together Against AIDS."
s Israeli and Palestinian women handed out condoms and red ribbons to
passengers departing Israel's international airport in Tel Aviv.
s In Ivory Coast, thousands of children wearing T-shirts with
anti-AIDS slogans and bouncing inflated condoms like beach balls
marched through the streets of Abidjan.
s In Washington, the music television station MTV premiered a video on
AIDS awareness, and TV talk show host Ricki Lake moderated a panel
discussion on AIDS for area high school students.
s In Hong Kong's nightspots, activists gave out coasters with pictures
of a condom on one side and a safe-sex message on the other.
s In Tokyo, Japan's Health Ministry held rallies and concerts in a
central square.
s In Moscow, a contraceptive company's employees sheathed in red,
yellow or green "condom suits" handed out condoms in Pushkin Square.
s In Pretoria, South Africa, clowns painted red AIDS ribbons on
people's faces as drum majorettes entertained a crowd.
Underneath it all was a life-and-death message: Practice safe sex or
face the consequences.  consequences.  consequences.

Load-Date: December 2, 1998


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Author Randy Shilts Infected With AIDS Virus



AIDS Author Randy Shilts Infected With AIDS Virus
The Associated Press
February 16, 1993, Tuesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1993 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 201 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Randy Shilts, author of "And the Band Played On," an acclaimed history of the AIDS crisis, is infected with the AIDS virus.
The 41-year-old writer said in today's San Francisco Chronicle that he tested positive for the virus in 1985 on the same day he finished the book.
Shilts recently suffered a collapsed lung and is undergoing physical therapy.
Shilts said he kept his condition secret for fear it would detract from his role as a reporter on AIDS issues. He serves as national correspondent for the Chronicle and published a weekly column, "AIDS-The Inside Story," in 1989.
"Every gay writer who tests positive ends up being an AIDS activist, and I didn't want to end up being an activist," he said. "I wanted to keep on being a reporter."
Shilts said he changed his mind last week in the wake of rumors within the gay community and inquiries from reporters.
"I want to talk about it myself rather than have somebody else talk," he said.
"And the Band Played On," published in 1987, detailed the spread of the disease and the response of scientists and government officials to the threat.
Shilts recently completed "Conduct Unbecoming," a book on homosexuals in the military. It is scheduled for release in May.


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Conference



AIDS Conference
City News Service
September 1, 1999, Wednesday


Copyright 1999 City News Service, Inc.
No City News Service material may be republished without the express written permission of City News Service, Inc.
Length: 364 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


The growing impact of HIV infection and AIDS on women and minorities will be the focus of a national conference to be held next
 month in Los Angeles.
The 1999 National Conference on Women and HIV/AIDS is scheduled for October 9-12 at the Los Angeles Convention Center.
''It is alarming to see that women, especially minority women, are being infected in greater numbers,'' said Ferd Eggan, the city's AIDS coordinator.
AIDS Conference
''Women have long been ignored in AIDS research and studies released by the (Center for Disease Control) show that there is an urgent need for women to be
educated on HIV/AIDS, especially women of color. HIV/AIDS is no longer a gay
 white male's disease; it affects everyone.''
Eggan said several statistics underscore the importance of the conference:
-- AIDS is the leading cause of death among African-American women in the United States between the ages of 25 and 44;
-- the disease if the third leading cause of death among all American women in the same age group;
-- in the late 1980s, women represented 8 percent of all new AIDS cases reported, compared to 23 percent of new cases by 1997; and
-- African-American account for 64 percent of new HIV infections among women in the United States.
''We have become complacent with the success of the drug treatments but these drugs don't work for everyone. Research has focused mainly on the male
 population, which initially was the primary target of this disease,'' he said.
''We have known for the past ten years that women are being impacted at an alarming rate.''  
The conference will be co-hosted by the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services Offices of AIDS Programs and Policy and the city's Community
 Development Department, and will feature a four-day series of lectures and
 presentations.
Findings from new clinical studies -- as well as current trends, behavioral research and public policies involving women and AIDS/HIV -- will be released
at the conference.
Eggan said the conference will be ''the most significant national gathering of prominent clinical researchers, major healthcare service providers, senior
public health policy-makers and women infected and affected'' by the disease.
 

Notes

Ferd is correct. Mary Lucey in the mayor's office is at (213) 485- 6320.

Load-Date: September 2, 1999


End of Document
Page  of New Indian minister targets population boom, AIDS aids aids



New Indian minister targets population boom, AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
June 12, 1997 1997 1997 1208 1208 120812:08 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 254 words
Dateline: NEW DELHI, June 12 12 12
Body


India's new health minister Thursday pledged to fight the country's booming population, expected to a touch a billion soon, and the menace of AIDS.
Renuka Chowdhury, one of four women inducted into the government last week, said after assuming office that she would "give top priority to population and AIDS control." control." control."
India currently boasts a population of around 950 million people and it is expected to overtake China as the world's most populous country by 2040.
India adds around 18 million people -- the total population of Australia -- every year.
India has one of the highest totals of victims of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS).
Estimates put the number at 250,000, with another five million people infected by the Human immune-deficiency virus (HIV) which causes the disease.
UN projections say India is expected to become the world's AIDS capital by 2000, with five million cases.
mr/tl/nj nj nj

Load-Date: June 12, 1997


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Activists Welcome Proposed New AIDS Definition



AIDS Activists Welcome Proposed New AIDS Definition
The Associated Press
October 28, 1992, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1992 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 432 words
Byline: By LAURAN NEERGAARD, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: ATLANTA
Body


Activists welcomed a proposed new definition of AIDS that adds three illnesses they say signal the disease in women and drug abusers.
The Centers for Disease Control on Tuesday proposed adding pulmonary tuberculosis, recurrent pneumonia and invasive cervical cancer to the list of diseases that indicate AIDS has developed in people infected with the virus.
Dr. John Ward, acting chief of surveillance in the CDC's AIDS division, said 50,000 new AIDS cases are expected next year under the current definition, and the three new diseases would bring in several thousand more.
The new definition could make it easier for people infected with the virus to collect disability benefits available to those diagnosed with AIDS. It would also enable them to take part in drug trials and qualify for low-cost AIDS drugs.
"It's not enough but it's definitely a step in the right direction," said Tracy Cedar of the National Association of People With AIDS. She is infected with the virus and has cervical cancer but hasn't been diagnosed with AIDS.
"We just need more awareness from gynecologists that a person doesn't have to be gay or a white man or from a poor African-American community to have AIDS," said Tricia Grindel of AID Atlanta.
The CDC will take public comment on the proposal until Nov. 16, but barring unusual developments the definition is expected to go into effect Jan. 1.
Currently, people infected with the AIDS virus are diagnosed with AIDS when they develop any of 23 indicator diseases, such as Kaposi's sarcoma, a type of cancer found mostly in men, and a certain type of pneumonia.
More than 1 million Americans are thought to be infected with the virus. More than 230,000 - under the current definition - have developed AIDS, and about 152,000 have died.
The CDC last year proposed revising the definition of AIDS to include infected people whose level of the body's master immune cells, called CD4s, dips to 200 per cubic millimeter, or one-fifth the level of a healthy person.
That change would immediately bring in 160,000 nfected people who are not yet seriously ill and are not now considered to have AIDS.
The CDC had opposed adding TB, recurrent pneumonia and cervical cancer to the definition because they occur fairly often in people not infected with the AIDS virus.
But the agency on Tuesday cited studies presented by AIDS activists that the diseases are more common and worse in AIDS-infected people as the virus destroys their immune systems.
"We've done a lot of listening and trying to address some of the concerns," Ward said. "We hope we will continue to have momentum."


End of Document
Page  of Miss America talks in state about AIDS aids aids



Miss America talks in state about AIDS aids aids
$%Charleston Gazette (West Virginia) virginia) virginia)
May 09, 1998, Saturday saturday saturday


Copyright 1998 Charleston Newspapers newspapers newspapers
Section: News; Pg. P12A P12A P12A
Length: 384 words
Body


Education, not scare tactics, is the best way to prevent children from
getting AIDS, Miss America Kate Shindle said at a Capitol press
conference in Charleston Friday.
Shindle, who stopped on her way to Flatwoods to speak at the annual
AIDS conference sponsored by West Virginia University's Robert C. Byrd
Health Sciences Center, said she is concerned about the status of AIDS
education in schools nationwide.
Shindle, a former Miss Illinois, has made AIDS education her
"platform" as Miss America.  america.  america.
There are 16,000 people infected every day with the HIV virus that
causes AIDS.
"We have to be continually vigilant about this," she said.
Elementary school students should be taught to be compassionate toward
people infected with AIDS and other diseases, Shindle said. Junior
high students should be taught how to avoid contracting HIV.
"When they get into high school you need to hit them with both
barrels," Shindle said.
West Virginia schools' AIDS education program seems to follow the
model Shindle supports.
State law requires lessons on AIDS transmission and prevention every
year beginning in sixth grade. The state Board of Education has
approved health education instructional goals, but local schools
decide what form the classes should take, said Lenore Zedosky,
executive director of the Department of Education's Office of Healthy
Schools.
"They all should do something very early," Zedosky said.
For example, elementary school students can be taught that blood
carries diseases so they can protect themselves, Zedosky said.
In later elementary years, children can learn that sharing a razor to
shave legs or piercing someone else's ears also is not a good idea,
Zedosky said.
In junior high, lessons become more specific about how AIDS can and
cannot be transmitted and there is some discussion about the best ways
to prevent it - abstinence and not using intravenous drugs.
Older students are taught that there are other ways to prevent AIDS
and other sexually transmitted diseases when they do become sexually
active, Zedosky said.
Shindle was scheduled to be one of more than a dozen speakers at the
Flatwoods conference. Those expected to attend included doctors,
nurses, dentists, dental hygienists, counselors, teachers, emergency
medical technicians and people infected with HIV or AIDS.  aids.  aids.

Load-Date: May 9, 1998


End of Document
Page  of Early sex and migration brings rise in Asian "Teen AIDS" aids" aids"



Early sex and migration brings rise in Asian "Teen AIDS" aids" aids"
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
October 28, 1997 1997 1997 0653 0653 065306:53 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 453 words
Dateline: MANILA, Oct 28 28 28
Body


"Teen AIDS" is rising among young people in Asia and elsewhere as they engage in sex earlier and travel overseas for better jobs, North American experts said Tuesday.
A teen AIDS epidemic is emerging around the world with premarital and promiscuous sex actually increasing among young people, said John Chittick, a researcher from Harvard University and part of a volunteer group called Teen Aids PeerCorps.
"They are having more sex at earlier ages with multiple partners," he said during a presentation at an international AIDS conference here.  here.  here.
"A lot of teens are travelling around the world in search of better jobs," he said, adding that it could make them twice as prone to catching the epidemic compared to other teenagers.
The Asia AIDS "teen pandemic" is not unlike that of "gay men in the 1980s" he said, though he was not able to give statistics.
The problem is that young people are not tested, he said.
"We can tell from the teen pregnancy rates and STD (sexually transmitted diseases) rates which are increasing … especially for younger teens from 12 and 13 years," he added. "It's happening all over."
Part of the problem is that Asian families do not talk enough about sex and the risks involved. Teenagers who travel abroad are not given information about the disease or are subject to peer pressure.
They "feel a lot of pressure from young people and MTV (television) with the message … let's have sex," he said.
Teen perception, Chittick said, is that others are doing it "which puts pressure on them to have sex."
"Asian youths are actually putting off marriage … but that doesn't mean that they are putting off sex," he said.
"If we ignore the youth pandemic … the cost involved to take care of those young people who are going to get sick and die will be unimaginable," Chittick said.
The problem is also spilling over to countries which host foreign workers, such as Canada.
Young Asian sex workers in Toronto are at higher risk of contracting and spreading the disease since they lack knowledge due to language barriers or do not seek medical help in fear of the legal system, said Thu Ho of the Asian Community AIDS Services in Toronto.
Some are as young as 16, he said, while many of their Canadian clients are 29 or younger.
The best remedy to curb the spread of HIV among teenagers, said Chittick, "has to be low-cost" so programs will continue when funding is scarce.
He called for peer AIDS counselling that should include medical facts, mandatory bilingual AIDS education and pamphlets for travellers at immigration counters, and cartoons on HIV/AIDS which target the neighbourhoods of young migrants in their own language.
mj/cgm/sm sm sm

Load-Date: October 28, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Liberalization of Vietnam opens door to AIDS aids aids



Liberalization of Vietnam opens door to AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
October 26, 1997 1997 1997 2609 2609 260926:09 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 345 words
Dateline: MANILA, Oct 26 26 26
Body


The opening of Vietnam and greater individual freedom led to the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) in Vietnam, an expert said Sunday.
These were among the "favourable factors for transmission" of the AIDS virus, Nguyen Tran Hien of the Hanoi Medical College told an Asia-Pacific AIDS conference here.
He also cited the expansion of drug use and prostitution and Vietnam's proximity to the Golden Triangle, a notorious source for drugs in Southeast Asia.  asia.  asia.
In August there were 6,707 people confirmed infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the virus that causes AIDs, compared to 1,000 in 1993, he said in a report.
It said the number of people estimated to be infected with HIV was about 60,000 with 700 actually developing AIDS. This is expected to rise to 300,000 HIV infected and 20,000 full-blown AIDS cases by 2000.
Hien said that drug users accounted for 67.4 percent of the total infected in 1997. This was a fall from the 87 percent in 1993, indicating that other sources of AIDS transmission were increasing.
Infections from sex rose from five percent of the total in 1993 to 12 percent in 1996, he added.
Hien added that there were an estimated 130,000 drug users in Vietnam although there were no figures on how many used injections. He cautioned that even this figure was probably understated.
He also warned that at least 63 percent of injecting drug users shared needles and in some cases, the dealer of the drugs was the only one with a syringe which he used to administer the drugs to several people.
The report also noted that 60 percent of injecting drug users were aware of the risk and 49 percent visited prostitutes.
But he also noted that drug users were "willing to change their behaviour. It requires the sympathy and social support of the community."
The government program to deal with this includes an information campaign and international cooperation.
"Vietnam is still at the early phase of the HIV epidemic" and intervention could still have a major effect, he added.
mm/jd jd jd

Load-Date: October 26, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Images Of AIDS / The Government And AIDS



Images Of AIDS / The Government And AIDS
CNN The Big Story
March 28, 1992


Copyright 1992 Cable News Network, Inc.  All rights reserved
Section: News; Package
Length: 897 words
Body


[AIDS commercial]
 
JEFF LEVINE, CNN News: The images are from the heartland, but the message is an American tragedy. The idea behind the government's new $ 1.5 million multi-media campaign is that too many are ignoring the risk of getting AIDS.
 
Dr. LOUIS SULLIVAN, Health and Human Services Secretary: Where we still have a problem is the failure of most of our citizens to believe that this applies to them, that they should look at their behaviors.
 
LEVINE: The statistics are alarming, one in 250 Americans has the AIDS virus.  Among adult men, the rate is one in 100.  One in 800 women also has the virus.  Every 13 minutes another American gets the infection also known as HIV.  The U.S. Centers for Disease Control says the disease is declining among gay males, but is on the increase among intravenous drug users and heterosexuals.
Dr. SULLIVAN: What we are trying to do is to draw attention of the public, saying we still have a major problem, this is happening in small towns as well as large cities, call this number for more information.
 
LEVINE: The report notes that of the more than 200,000 AIDS cases in the U.S., 46 percent are minorities.  Michelle Wilson confronts the difficult issues of race and the AIDS virus every day.
 
MICHELLE WILSON, Founder, 'The Positive Woman': What I find very hard is how difficult it is to get information for myself, as a woman who is HIV infected, on how to live with this disease.
 
LEVINE: She's the founder of The Positive Woman, and organization aimed at people like her.  After Wilson was diagnosed with the AIDS virus, she felt a special approach was needed to help minorities cope with the deadly disease.
 
Ms. WILSON: I take measures to keep myself healthy.  I want to be as healthy as I can be, so that when the cure comes, I'm here to receive it. I want to pass that information on to other women.
 
LEVINE: As the AIDS epidemic enters its second decade, a minority coalition charges not enough is being done to halt its spread in their communities.
 
Rep. MAXINE WATERS, (D-CA): Institutionalized racism in the area of health care in general exacerbates the problem of little or no services dealing with this problem of AIDS.
 
Delegate ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON, (D) District of Columbia: We know that education and prevention is effective. We have seen them stem AIDS among white homosexuals, we must put this kind of attention and effort to work for people of color.
 
Mayor HECTOR ACEVADO, San Juan, Puerto Rico: How is it possible that, at this time, that the only solution available is prevention.  The U.S. cuts education funding for AIDS.
 
RENE DURAZZO: I think the frustrating thing is that the federal government puts out these kinds of dire predictions and projections around skyrocketing infection rates, but there is no follow-up in terms of action, a comprehensive prevention plan, or any kind of substantial funding.
 
DON KNAPP, CNN News: From kindergarten to high school, every public school student in San Francisco gets classes in AIDS prevention, paid for by the Centers for Disease Control.  About half of the school systems' $ 1,000,000 a year grant goes to train other educators from schools across the country.  Still San Francisco's rate of new AIDS virus infections is highest in the country.
 
Mr. DURAZZO: Our biggest challenge is to get a primary prevention message to gay and bisexual men of color.  The federal government has refused to put enough resources into the prevention effort.
 
Dr. DONALD ABRAMS, 'Aids Researcher': If this isn't an epidemic, what is?
 
KNAPP: Dr. Donald Abrams has studied AIDS since the first cases were diagnosed in San Francisco in 1981.
 
Dr. ABRAMS: I think the government responds to the public and if the public, even in San Francisco, who are on the front lines and saturated with AIDS on a day-to-day basis, doesn't appreciate the fact that this is an epidemic.
 
1st PERSON ON STREET: People are not using protection, you know, when they, you know, making love.
 
KNAPP: [interviewing] Why aren't they?
 
1st PERSON ON STREET: I guess it's better without protection, you know.
 
2nd PERSON ON STREET: People would rather put themselves in a life-threatening situation than talk about, you know, you have to wear a condom, you know.
 
3rd PERSON ON STREET: I think everybody knows, and they just throw caution to the winds, take a chance.
 
KNAPP: One AIDS activist, critical of the federal government said, it's not enough for the government to tell the people to get the facts about AIDS.  He said the government should tell people what those facts are.
 
MAGGIE REINFIELD, Foundation for AIDS Research: The public knows what it wants, practical information that does not mince words or put fig leaves over the parts of the pictures that people most need to see in order to understand.
 
ERNESTO HINOJOS, Gay Men's Health Crisis: These limitations, in terms of the current administration, to put out information that makes sense.
 
JIM GRAHAM, Whitman Walker Clinic: Why should any of us be surprised that the numbers continue to soar, that there continues to be seepage into other populations, and that, basically, the virus is running rampant.
 
[Commercial break]
 
The preceding text has been professionally transcribed.  However, although the text has been checked against an audio track, in order to meet rigid distribution and transmission deadlines, it has not yet been proofread against videotape.

Load-Date: July 9, 1992


End of Document
Page  of AIDS outcry



AIDS outcry 
The Sunday Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)
December 8, 1996, Sunday


Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Section: FEATURES; Pg. 139
Length: 201 words
Byline: PIERS AKERMAN
Body


THE pylons of the Harbour Bridge have been decked out with giant red ribbons for the past week to mark International AIDS Day.
 Apparently a bureaucrat at the RTA approved the application.
In the past, the pylons have been decorated for the Red Cross, for the ParaOlympics and to mark World Environment Day.
 A number of people have contacted me expressing their distaste at the AIDS ribbons displayed on this landmark.
 Several said they felt the place for AIDS ribbons was at the Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras, as the overwhelming majority of AIDS sufferers are male homosexuals.
 Why the Harbour Bridge should be defaced in this manner, without any consultation of the people who enjoy the unadorned pylons, is not explained.
 The practice apparently came in during the previous government's term.
 Public buildings should not be used to promote causes which many people in the community do not approve.
 AIDS has been a highly politicised issue since it was identified. The Government should reconsider this policy.
 If it was suggested that symbols offensive to some ethnic group be placed on the Bridge, there would be an outcry.
 That the AIDS logos are draped there is testament to the power of the homosexual lobby.

Load-Date: March 4, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS patient says grittiness aids survival



AIDS patient says grittiness aids survival
The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)
July 18, 1991, Thursday, 4* EDITION


Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications Corp. All Rights Reserved
Section: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10Pg. A8Pg. A8Pg. A1Pg. A1Pg. A1Pg. A2Pg. A2Pg. A2Pg. A2Pg. A2Pg. A3P
Length: 514 words
Byline: ED KLAJMAN VANSUN
Body


 According to Michael Callen, what separates long-term AIDS survivors from those who die soon after diagnosis is obnoxiousness.
"It's an old saying in nursing but it holds true," says the tall, tanned 36-year-old who has lived with the disease since 1982. "Patients who are the pain in the ass are the ones who heal the quickest and do the best. Nobody likes to be around us but. . . ."
About 150 of Callen's admirers packed an auditorium at Simon Fraser University's Harbor Centre Campus to hear him speak Wednesday night.
The flamboyant lead singer of the Flirtations, an openly gay and politically active band, spoke to the audience while leaning back on a swivel chair in the middle of the stage. He has a direct message for people with AIDS.
"You have to be gritty to survive . . . well, maybe frisky's a better word."
Always optimistic, Callen wanted to know about AIDS survivors when he was diagnosed. He knew most people who got AIDS died, but he also says he knew there are exceptions.
But he couldn't find any studies of long-term survivors. So he conducted his own to put together a collection of "unscientific impressions" of what it takes to survive with the disease.
Three-and-a-half years later, he had his results.
Almost all of the roughly 50 survivors he interviewed, one with the disease for 12 years, spoke of "healing partnerships," he says. They found doctors who weren't authoritative and allowed their patients to dabble with holistic medicine.
"Survivors were without exception extraordinarily knowledgeable about their bodies' immune system. They researched all their drug treatment options. Certainly with AIDS, if you just do what you are told (by doctors), if you're passive, I think your chances of dying quickly are dramatically increased."
Callen, a committed atheist, says the most surprising and "frankly nauseating characteristic of survivors was a rebirth of spirituality.
"It took different forms. About half spoke movingly about a return to the religions of their childhood. Others spoke more vaguely of a certain meaning to life."
Callen also said "emotional spring cleaning" is important. Survivors fixed broken relationships with lovers, friends and family and "learned to say no to relationships that weren't fixable.
"They realized they needed every last shred of energy for this fight and they realized there wasn't time anymore to play silly games and be in relationships that were negative or draining."
Finally, survivors need role models, he says. They have to know there are people out there who have beat the odds.
"The body needs to receive a 'live' message. I have seen people will themselves to death. I have heard people say I will be dead in six months and almost on cue they're dead in six months.
"Survivors have life goals left. They're not ready to go. They have things to do, like write the great novel, to counteract the propaganda that once you get AIDS you become a non-person, you become a disposable person. I believe there is a will we haven't yet biologically pinned down."

Graphic

 
IAN SMITH/ SURVIVAL KEYS: Michael Callen did study on long-term AIDS survivors


End of Document
Page  of Thai researchers claim herbal remedies for AIDS aids aids



Thai researchers claim herbal remedies for AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
December 09, 1997 1997 1997 0507 0507 050705:07 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 390 words
Dateline: BANGKOK, Dec 9 9 9
Body


Two separate groups of Thai researchers claim to have developed drugs from traditional herbs which combat the HIV virus that leads to the deadly AIDS virus, a report said Tuesday.
Researchers at the Princess Chulabhorn Institute in Bangkok and another group in the northeastern province of Mukdaharn both claim their medicines can help patients recover from full-blown AIDS, the Nation reported.
Decha Sukharom, the University Affairs Minister, hailed the Bangkok researchers, saying their medicine had been fully tested and would be patented.  patented.  patented.
"The medicine is made from traditional herbs which have no side-effects and are much cheaper and more effective than the drugs discovered by foreign researchers," he was quoted as saying.
Decha said the ministry would reward the Chulaborn Institute researchers for being pioneers in their field and making a name for Thailand in medical research.
Researchers in Mukdaharn, sponsored by the health ministry, proclaimed they too had discovered a new herbal medicine, which could prevent human immune defiency virus (HIV) carriers from suffering from AIDS (Acquired immune-deficiency syndrome).
Silapasak Suparee, a member of the research team, said the drug, called "saboo daeng" or "red soap" had been tested on AIDS patients and had successfully boosted their white blood cell count.
"Two patients who were expected to die in two weeks have lived for four months now," he told the Nation.
Tests had shown the the medicine would work on patients at any stage of the disease, so long as they refrained from cigarettes and alcohol, Silpasak said.
Saboo daeng would not destroy the HIV virus, but would adjust the body's immune system to prevent the virus from increasing, and allow sufferers to live a normal life, he noted.
Some 750,000 Thais -- out of a population of 60 million -- are estimated to be infected with the HIV virus, although infection rates have dropped in recent years because of effective AIDS awareness campaigns.
Thailand has suffered badly from the disease because of widespread prostitution and infection among drug users.
The country already produces the drug AZT to fight AIDS and recently announced it would soon also domestically manufacture another internationally recognised medicine, didanosine (DDI), to help Thai sufferers.
mp/mdl/ mdl/ mdl/

Load-Date: December 9, 1997


End of Document
Page  of AIDS war needs gays' experience



AIDS war needs gays' experience
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
July 30, 1997, Wednesday,
CONSTITUTION EDITION


Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution
Section: EDITORIAL; Pg. 14A
Length: 276 words
Body


Although AIDS deaths in the United States are declining, the number of cases continues to climb with 40,000 new infections each year. No longer just the scourge of gay white males, AIDS is on the rise among women, minorities and youth.
As the disease shifts direction to claim more victims among heterosexuals, so must the education efforts concerning it. Who better to chart the way than gay activists, on the front lines from the outset?
This week, Dr. Helene Gayle of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention beseeched the National AIDS/HIV Forum and National Lesbian and Gay Health Conference meeting here in Atlanta to continue fighting the AIDS war even though they're no longer its primary casualties.
They have every reason to refuse. Gays have waged two battles: one against the crisis and the other against the perception that AIDS was a gay plague. Barely out of the closet as a movement, gay rights confronted rampant homophobia in the wake of the HIV virus.
It fell to individual activists to roll up their sleeves and dig into their own pockets to create grass-roots education efforts such as AID Atlanta. The gay community succeeded in getting out the prevention message. Gay men now account for 40 percent of all cases, down from 67 percent in the epidemic's early years. Now we need those gay activists to help warn other groups at risk. Gay men became skilled at combating AIDS because they had so much to lose. Their compassion may be wearing thin. Asked to mobilize on behalf of the newest victims of AIDS, they would have to marshal a generosity of human spirit denied to them.
 
Let's hope they can tap that spirit. Lives depend on it.

Load-Date: July 31, 1997


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Campaign



AIDS Campaign
City News Service
June 19, 1996, Wednesday


Copyright 1996 City News Service, Inc.
No City News Service material may be republished without the express written permission of City News Service, Inc.
Length: 243 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


A privately funded HIV/AIDS public service campaign targeting the next generation of gay men at-risk will employ a new
 advertising strategy, a project spokesman said today.
 There's Life After Sex,'' the campaign's message, marks a shift in strategy by promoting self-esteem and avoiding use a condom' warnings of
 past advertising efforts,'' said Gerry Ansel of AIDS Project Los Angeles.
AIDSCAMPAIGN
The TV, radio, billboard and print ads are available but have not run yet. They were sponsored by APLA and produced without charge by BBDO West,
 part of BBDO Worldwide, the third largest ad agency network in the world,
 Ansel said.  
The frequency of HIV infection is highest among gay men 17 to 24, he said.
 From research and focus groups, we know men in this age range are not using condoms because of self-esteem issues,'' Ansel said.  The thinking
 is I'm going to get HIV anyway, so why bother?'''  
This ad campaign is among the first, and the largest to use a positive   approach in targeting gay men, he said.
 Instead of saying use a condom, or you'll get AIDS,' which they already know -- we're telling them to respect themselves,'' Ansel said.
 We're telling them the best of your life is yet to come, as opposed to a negative message,'' he said.
Part two of the campaign will focus on African-American women and Latinas.
Research shows they are at high risk for HIV infection because of male partners who are bisexual, or intravenous drug users, Ansel said.


Notes

Gerry Ansel of APLA is at (213) 993-1363; Anne Walker of BBDO West is at (2

Load-Date: June 20, 1996


End of Document
Page  of Attacking AIDS



Attacking AIDS
National Journal
November 28, 1992


Copyright 1992 The National Journal, Inc.
Section:  HEALTH; Vol. 24, No. 48; Pg. 2723
Length: 2683 words
Byline:  BY JULIE KOSTERLITZ
Highlight: Nearly 12 years after the epidemic began, AIDS activist and public health officials think they finally have a commander in chief who will wage an all-out war against the disaease. Are expectations running too high?
Body


On election night, 250 AIDS and gay-rights activists gathered at the home of a Los Angeles physician to celebrate Bill Clinton's victory.  "People were literally sobbing.  They were so happy and relieved," recalled David B. Mixner, a business consultant and gay activist who has known Clinton for 25 years and has been one of his key advisers on AIDS.  "I've never been to a more emotional evening in my life."
The emotion was understandable.  Clinton will be the first President in the nearly 12-year history of the epidemic to have declared the disease a national priority.  He made several major speeches on AIDS and arranged for two speakers infected with the AIDS virus to address the Democratic National Convention.  He issued detailed policy proposals and, in his election night speech, mentioned AIDS near the top of a list of problems that he planned to tackle.  More than any presidential nominee in history, he openly sought and acknowledged support from the gay community, where AIDS has claimed most of its roughly 150,000 death toll.  Mixner has lost 186 friends to AIDS, including his longtime partner.
Clinton's pronouncements have brought a cautious optimism to public health workers and others who fight the disease.  Though gun-shy from years of political controversy, they're pleased because Clinton's policy proposals closely track the consensus that has emerged from their ranks.  He has promised to implement the recommendations of the blue-ribbon National Commission on AIDS -- among other things, to increase spending on research, prevention and care; to beef up AIDS education; and to fight discrimination against victims.
"The difference is the honesty about the problem," said Kristine M. Gebbie, secretary of the Washington state health department who served on the Presidential Commission on AIDS, a forerunner of the present commission.  The moralism of the Religious Right stifled progress during the Reagan and Bush years, Gebbie said.  "People have consumed energy trying to cope with the barriers erected, trying to end-run them, rather than turning their energies to preventing the spread of the epidemic."
But even as they cheer Clinton's arrival, AIDS warriors face a new challenge.  "It is a very different mind-set to focus on more-positive accomplishments," said Jeffrey A. Levi, policy director of the AIDS Action Council, a Washington umbrella group for AIDS organizations.  "I think we're all excited but a little scared.  Now we have an Administration willing to pay attention to what we're proposing.  With that comes far greater responsibility to get it right."
While an AIDS war conjures up visions of platoons of white-coated researchers, the biggest battles in Clinton's war may be fought outside the laboratory -- in the realms of health care and prevention.  There will be plenty of obstacles.  Money is tight, and prevention requires confronting sexual behaviors and drug abuse that make mainstream America queasy.
There's also the problem of unrealistic expectations fueled by 12 years of pent-up demand.  Clinton promised an "AIDS czar" and a "Manhattan Project" to fight the disease.  But no one seems to know what these promises mean.  In the gay community -- where the epidemic has taken a heavy emotional toll -- expectations are running high.  "I can't tell you how much hope there is," Mixner said.  There has even been talk of recruiting Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf, the Persian Gulf war hero, to head the effort.  Despite cautions from scientists, some activists seem to hope that a new Administration will bring a vaccine or a cure.
It's not even clear what "winning" means.  Although no one considers acceptable the current level of new infections -- 40,000-80,000 a year, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) -- most experts don't expect AIDS to be eradicated soon, or perhaps ever.  "If having a vaccine was the answer, we'd have won the war on syphilis and measles a long time ago," Gebbie said.  "A vaccine still depends on people making the right choices about their sex behavior, on their follow-through.  We haven't mastered all that yet."
Like the AIDS commission, Clinton has embraced many goals without saying how he would get there.  (An example, from a Clinton position paper: "The Food and Drug Administration will also make possible greater access to promising experimental therapies without compromising patient safety.")
"Who could argue with things like 'increasing efficiency'?" said Mark Smith, a vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation in San Francisco who heads its AIDS policy program.  "How to get it done in practice is another story."
The task of drawing a battle plan will probably fall to the AIDS czar.  But no one's sure whether the job will come with the power to change programs and redirect funds, or merely to convene and cajole.  Should the officeholder be a well known and commanding presence?  A technical expert?  Or merely adept at navigating the bureaucracy?
Speculation is rife.  A source close to the campaign said that Clinton talked to former Surgeon General C. Everett Koop at least twice before Election Day.  Other names that surface are David E. Rogers, vice chairman of the National Commission on AIDS and a professor at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center in New York City; Margaret A. Hamburg, the New York City health commissioner; Jonathan M. Mann, former head of the World Health Organization's AIDS program and now director of the International AIDS Center at the Harvard School of Public Health; and Smith of the Kaiser Foundation.
Money will be a big problem.  Just providing basic health coverage for poor and uninsured AIDS victims could add $ 1 billion a year to the nation's health care bill.  Moreover, waging an all-out war will require the support of Congress, state governments and even local school boards.  Winning them over will involve selling the public an idea that push political hot buttons or seem counterintuitive.  "There's a trickle-down effect where, the lower down you get [in the level of government], the more hands-off your approach has to be," said Larry Kessler, an AIDS commission member who heads the AIDS Action Committee of Massachusetts, a nonprofit group.  (For a look at the pitfalls of fighting AIDS locally, see box, pp. 2724-25.)
Despite a consensus on what's needed to stop the spread of AIDS -- postponing early sexual initiation, avoiding drug abuse and increasing condom use -- motivating people to change their behavior is a problem.  It has proven difficult to get nonmonogamous heterosexuals and adolescents to use condoms, and to keep recovering drug addicts from relapsing.  "We think we know what needs to be done, but there's no written guarantee that everything will work," Levi said.
Experts say that the lack of research on behavior is a legacy of the past elevation of moralism over science and that more money is needed for such research.
Nevertheless, public health experts and AIDS activists say there are simple but important things that Clinton can do.  Using the platform of the presidency to heighten the visibility of AIDS and creating a climate of compassion for its victims are preconditions for mobilizing against the epidemic, they say.  "We need to first decide as a society that the people being affected are worth saving," said John L. Barnes, executive director of the Delaware Lesbian & Gay Health Advocaters.  "I'm not sure that's a common belief."
Advocates praise Clinton's pledge to develop an AIDS plan laying out objectives and blueprints for achieving them, and calling for coordination among federal agencies and consultation with outside groups.  Clinton has also promised to lift the ban on travel to the United States by foreigners infected with the AIDS virus and to strengthen enforcement of the Americans With Disabilities Act.
CARE, NO CURE
Requests for AIDS research money have fared relatively well in Washington during the past few years.  Biomedical research already has yielded substantial gains in knowledge about the AIDS virus and has produced effective medications for slowing its spread and treating some infections that come with it.
Many experts say that some additional money would be useful -- but not vastly more.  Last year, the National Institutes of Health requested $ 1.2 billion for AIDS biomedical research; Congress appropriated about $ 860 million.  "While things are not perfect," said Roy Widdus, executive director of the National commission on AIDS, "the efforts here are closer to what is desirable and lots of good things have been done."
Efforts to streamline, coordinate and set priorities for research may be equally important.  Some advocates of the Manhattan Project approach have suggested setting up a crack team of scientists under the direction of an acknowledged expert, free from the red tape and peer review that usually precedes federal approval.  Clinton has also promised to speed up drug research and broaden access to promising new drugs.
But spending on AIDS care has lagged behind the spread of the epidemic.  Congress authorized $ 875 million in annual spending under the 1990 Ryan White Care Act, which primarily funnels emergency medical aid to states and cities hit hard by the epidemic.  But only $ 348 million was appropriated this year.
Some other federal programs, chiefly medicaid, pick up some of the costs of AIDS patient care.  The national health insurance program that Clinton has promised to seek would guarantee coverage to all Americans -- in theory, eliminating the need for the special programs that have sprung up to fill existing gaps.
But many experts say that it will take years to overhaul the health care system, and that help is urgently needed now.  By next year, it's estimated that there will be 151,000-225,000 Americans living with AIDS, up from 111,000-122,000 in 1990.  Many as destitute, and nearly 30 percent lack health insurance, according to an estimate prepared for the national commission.
The Supreme Court recently let stand a lower court ruling that permitted an employer to limit health benefits to a worker who disclosed that he had AIDS.  Clinton has said that he would forbid such practices but hasn't said how he would accomplish the change.
A top priority on most people's lists -- including Clinton's -- is coming up with the additional $ 527 million that was not appropriated under the Ryan White law.  The AIDS commission has proposed other measures that Clinton hasn't addressed, such as extending medicaid covage to poor people who test positive for the virus, instead of waiting until they develop full-blown AIDS.
Spending for AIDS care shouldn't be viewed as an entitlement, public health officials argue, nor even as a matter of compassion.  Catching and treating the disease early can reduce the costs of treatment.  And care is a vital part of preventing the spread of disease.  Strapped public health departments often end up cannibalizing prevention funds to care for the very sick.
"There's two ways to approach prevention.  One is to target the uninfected, and teach them how not to get infected," said Donald P. Francis, a 20-year veteran of the CDC who is now a consultant in San Francisco.  "The other is taking the infected and teaching them how not to infect anyone else.  You have to have a very structured program combining medical and preventive counseling for individuals and their contacts.  What brings people in is medical care."
A NEW PRAGMATISM?
Prevention may be the most visible front in the new AIDS war.  Educating people about the disease and trying to change the behaviors that put them at risk have always been considered the best weapons are underused.  "The prevention piece is the piece that needs the most work," AIDS commission member Kessler said.  "We're way behind other nations on this front."
Prevention involves confronting such social taboos as homosexuality, sex outside of marriage and drug abuse.  A difficult task under any circumstances, it became virtually impossible under two Administrations that largely deferred judgement on such matters to the Religious Right.
Advocates are pressing for a new approach that substitutes pragmatism for moralism.  The public health community has a name for it: "harm reduction." It holds that the first goal of prevention is not to eliminate risky behaviors -- no matter how distasteful they are to the public -- but to reduce the chances that they will spread a deadly disease.
That means, for example, preaching the advantages of abstinence to adolescents -- while making sure they know how to get and use condoms.  Public health experts say that, contrary to right-wing dogma, making condoms available doesn't encourage teens to have sex.  And because it can save lives, failing to do so borders on unethical, they argue.  The United States should also follow the lead of many European countries, where candid public advertisements about AIDS and condoms are widespread, they say.
Clinton has called for a "strong and effective national AIDS education campaign," providing more funds for local organizations that reach out to the groups most at risk, and making condoms available in schools.
An even more radical departure from the status quo is likely to come in fighting the epidemic among intravenous drug abusers.  Although there are twice as many cases of AIDS among gay men as among drug abusers, the infection rate in the latter group is rising much more rapidly.  Drug abusers have helped speed the spread of AIDS to women and children.
Often poor and suffering from other ailments, addicts are tough to reach and difficult to care for.  They're also at risk for spreading tuberculosis -- an infection associated with AIDS that is itself highly infectious and often resistant to drug therapies.
Alarmed public health officials say it's vital to provide treatment as quickly as possible to drug abusers who want it, and to ensure that addicts at least get clean needles -- if necessary, by exchanging clean needles for used one.  Pursuing both measures could reduce the number of new infections among drug abusers, now estimated at 15,000-30,000 a year, by two-thirds, said Don C. Des Jarlais, director of research for the chemical dependency institute at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City and a member of the AIDS commission.  But as many as 107,000 addicts are now on waiting lists for treatment, according to a federal estimate, and 48 states make it a crime to possess injection equipment.
Clinton has endorsed an AIDS commission recommendation to make drug treatment available on demand.  In theory, a federal law passed last year already requires states to do so for intravenous drug users and for pregnant drug abusers.  But Congress came up with only $ 50 million of the extra $ 500 million authorized for this.  Even the larger sum, it is assumed, would help fewer than a third of the nation's estimated one million intravenous drug addicts.
The AIDS commission has urged shifting funds from law enforcement and drug interdiction -- the focus of the Bush Administration's antidrug efforts.  But such a move could be politically risky for Clinton.
The AIDS commission has proposed ending restrictions on the possession of needles and syringes; Clinton hasn't taken a position on that issue.  The Reagan and Bush Administrations both opposed needle exchanging, calling it an unproven approach that runs counter to the goal of ending drug abuse.
"To say that syringe exchanges condone drug abuse is not a scientific statement," Des Jarlais said.  In fact, there is evidence that such programs encourage addicts to seek treatment, he said, and while more research is needed, studies show uniformly that such programs have had positive effects.
Doing away with state prohibitions on syringes, Des Jarlais said, "doesn't cost a cent." But that, too would be likely to ignite passions in Washington and in state capitals.  "I think it's basically a question of political courage," he said.  The question is whether politicians "want to vote on the basis of science and not on symbolism."

Graphic

 
Picture 1, David B. Mixner, a top Clinton adviser on AIDS, "I can't tell you how much hope there is" among gays. Shepard Sherbell/SABA; Picture 2, Jeffrey A. Levi of the AIDS Action Council, The challenge now is putting theory into practice. John Eisele; Picture 3, National Commission on AIDS executive director Roy Widdus, AIDS biomedical research has fared well in the competition for federal dollars. Richard A. Bloom


End of Document
Page  of AIDS moves beyond gay community



AIDS moves beyond gay community
Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)
September 20, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION


Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications Corp. All Rights Reserved
Section: CITY NEWS; Pg. B2
Length: 583 words
Byline: LISA DEMPSTER, CALGARY HERALD
Body


 For the first time, gay or bisexual men do not constitute the majority of Albertans newly diagnosed with the virus that causes AIDS.
Meanwhile, young women are beginning to move to the forefront of HIV infection rates in Alberta, the province's top AIDS experts say.
"Over the past year, there's been a trend of who is testing positive," said Dr. Bryce Larke, medical director of Alberta Health's provincial AIDS program. "Gay and bisexual men no longer were the majority of HIV-positives."
While gay and bisexual men continued to make up the lion's share of diagnosed, full-blown AIDS cases in the province, Larke said, "we're seeing the emergence of heterosexual-transmitted disease, of which a significant proportion of those are our young women."
In 1995, 182 new HIV cases were reported in Alberta. Of these, 81 or 44.5 per cent had the reported risk factor of homosexual sexual behavior.
Larke says the provincial AIDS program is assessing how to tackle the changing face of HIV-infection in the province.
A new campaign targeting sexually active young adults is under discussion, he said, but not ready for release.
Dr. John Gill, director of the Southern Alberta AIDS clinic, cautioned that the numbers are still too low to make sweeping generalizations.
However, he added, "we have to be well aware this disease has moved from being a common problem in the gay community to become a much wider problem in our society."
Canada is seeing a "dramatic" shift in who the disease is affecting, from primarily gay persons to intravenous drug users and their partners, he said.
"The secondary effect of this is women -- who are either needle users themselves or the sexual partners of needle users.
"This the clearly where the epidemic will spread in the next 10 years, as the educational effect and changes in sexual attitudes of the gay community have their impact -- and other segments of society still haven't got the message."
While programs to educate gay men have been effective, they now need to begin to reflect the change in where the virus is spreading, he said.
Dan Holinda, executive director of AIDS Calgary, said the movement of the virus into other populations, including young women, was predicted years ago. "And it's unfortunately coming true," he says.
There have been 850 cases of full-blown AIDS in Alberta, and of these, nearly 83 per cent were attributed to homosexual behavior by men.
The number of AIDS cases continues to grow in all parts of the country, and Statistics Canada estimated last July that as many as 45,000 Canadians have been infected.
By the end of 1995, there were 9,133 AIDS-related deaths reported, the agency said.
A special AIDS walk will be held in Calgary and across Canada on Sept. 29 to raise funds for AIDS Calgary, a not-for-profit organization that provides education, prevention and care services to people affected or infected by HIV/AIDS in Southern Alberta. For more information, call 541-WALK.
182 HIV-positive cases were recorded in Alberta in 1995
HIV Risk Factors
These risk factors were reported for those cases:
Factor Number of cases
Homosexual 81
Drug abuse 42
Heterosexual 22
Not stated 4
Blood recipient 3
Other* 30
*Includes infant children with HIV-positive mothers, people with needlestick/tattoos, those from and infected in other countries where HIV is more prevalent and those who deny any risk factors.
Source: Provincial AIDS program

Load-Date: September 21, 1996


End of Document
Page  of Gay attacks AIDS policy



Gay attacks AIDS policy
South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)
August 14, 1992


Copyright 1992 South China Morning Post Ltd.
Section: News; Pg. 4
Length: 577 words
Byline: By FIONA CHAN
Body


A GAY group leader yesterday criticised the Government for not doing enough to educate his community about AIDS, and said it should subsidise programmes run by groups like his.
 Secretary of Horizons Lesbian and Gay Hotline, Mr Samson Chan Kam-wa, said that all gay groups currently ran support services with their own money.
 Mr Chan said: "How much can we give? It will be very difficult for us if the community does not want to bear its responsibility. We are working for them."
The hotline, which began operating in February, is funded by group members.  It receives about 20 inquiries a day with the help of 40 volunteers.
 Mr Chan said he hoped that with more financial support the group could expand its services to include seminars and talks and reach out to more people.
 Mr Chan said that although his group had been involved in joint projects with the Hongkong AIDS Foundation, he had found difficulties in agreeing on a similar approach.
 For example the foundation considered some of the group's publicity proposals offensive or too explicit.
 Mr Chan's organisation and the Hongkong Ten Per Cent Club are the only two high-profile homosexual support groups in the territory.
 Based on some previous US studies, it is estimated that about 10 per cent of the local population are homosexuals.
 "The Government has done nothing for us apart from only warning us to have safer sex. It does not mention what safer sex is," he said.
 He claimed that doctors and nurses who were not homosexuals would not know what safer sex meant except with the use of a condom.
 "Ignorance is the major barrier in battling against AIDS."
 Mr Chan gave examples of safer sex in which there was no exchange of bodily fluids but which did not involve the use of condoms.
 He said that in one recent symposium on AIDS, some doctors admitted they did not want to treat AIDS patients.
 Recent reports released by the Department of Health showed that the numbers of heterosexuals was catching up with homosexuals infected with HIV.
 Three of the six new cases reported in June were homosexuals or bisexuals.  Two others were heterosexuals and one was thought to have contracted the disease through intravenous drug use.
 At present, Hongkong has a total of 127 HIV sufferers who are homosexual or bisexual while 74 are heterosexual.
 Mr Chan said gays had a better knowledge of safer sex than the general public because of their individual efforts to read related studies and news reports, as well as their access to counselling services run by gay groups.
 But the Government should not become complacent about its own efforts to improve the situation, he said.
 Citing development overseas, Mr Chan said that when AIDS was first documented in the early 1980s, homosexuals treated it not only as a great danger but also an opportunity for them to stick together and help each other.
 "It doesn't matter who you are or how many partners you have. What matters is the way you do it," Mr Chan said.
 He also said that the administration should encourage responsible behaviour in educating secondary school students.
 The telephone hotline includes referral services and provides counselling on safer sex, health and legal information. Referral information includes details of churches, bars and doctors.
 Horizons Lesbian and Gay Hotline's number is 893 0208 which operates on Tuesdays and Thursdays between 7.30 pm and 10.30 pm.

Load-Date: October 28, 1992


End of Document
Page  of LETTER: MORE AID FOR AIDS DEMANDED



LETTER: MORE AID FOR AIDS DEMANDED
The Guardian (London)
November 30, 1993


Copyright 1993 Guardian Newspapers Limited
Section: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. 23
Length: 422 words
Byline: JEAN BOHT, JULIE CHRISTIE, PAM FERRIS, BRENDA FRICKER, CHESNEY HAWKES, BEN KINGSLEY, NIVEL PIVARO, DONALD PLEASANCE,
Body


 WE are writing this as an open letter to Virginia Bottomley, Secretary of State for Health, in World Aids Week to express our deep concern about the recent changes in the Government strategy on HIV.
 The new strategy will inevitably lead to an increase in discrimination against people living with HIV. The Government's previous strategy included a commitment to: "fostering a climate of understanding and compassion, discouraging discrimination, and safeguarding confidentiality". Alarmingly this commitment has disappeared completely from the new strategy.
From next April Government funding for treatment and care services for people with HIV will cease to be "ringfenced".  Essential support for people with HIV is under threat as a result of this decision. With over 20,000 HIV positive people in the UK, and a predicted increase of 39 per cent in the number of people requiring treatment by 1997, the Government's complacency is frightening. Despite the urgent need to target services, as identified in the new strategy, the Government has already cut funds to some voluntary organisations which provide direct support to gay men. Charitable donations can never and should never be expected to replace government funding.
 The theme of World Aids Week this year is Time To Act. We are calling on Virginia Bottomley to act now and adopt a positive agenda which must include: A real commitment to tackling discrimination and safeguarding confidentiality; Amending laws which encourage prejudice and stigma (eg equalisation of the age of consent for gay sex to 16 and repeal of Section 28); Protecting funds for treatment and care services provided by health authorities, local authorities and by voluntary organisations.
 It is the Government's duty to ensure that all people with health or social needs receive appropriate care. To relinquish responsibility with respect to one marginalised group sets a dangerous precedent for us all. People with HIV still matter.
 Jean Boht.
 Julie Christie.
 Pam Ferris.
 Brenda Fricker.
 Chesney Hawkes.
 Ben Kingsley.
 Nivel Pivaro.
 Donald Pleasance.
 Janet Anderson MP.
 Liz Lynne MP.
 Alice Mahon MP.
 Peter Pike MP.
 Aids Action North
 Humberside.
 Aid for Aids Blackburn.
 Black Communities Aids
 Team (Leeds).
 Cheshire and North Wales
 Body Positive.
 George House Trust.
 Leicestershire Aids Support
 Services.
 Manchester Action on Street
 Health.
 Merseyside Aids Support
 Group.

Load-Date: November 30, 1993


End of Document
Page  of AIDS.ORG AIDS.ORG launches extensive enhancements for World AIDS Day



AIDS.ORG 
  AIDS.ORG launches extensive enhancements for World AIDS Day
M2 PRESSWIRE
December 2, 1999


Copyright 1999 M2 Communications Ltd.
Length: 228 words
Dateline: New York, NY
Body


AIDS.ORG (http://www.aids.org), the premier web site for the AIDS/HIV community announced today an extensive list of new services on its site, made available today, World AIDS Day.
In addition to hosting "AIDS Treatment News," these new features (based on user feedback) provide visitors to AIDS.ORG with powerful new tools to find the information they need. Enhancements include:
 * Easy-to-use AIDS Fact Sheets on all major AIDS-related topics
 * Community Discussion Groups, using advanced GroupVine technology
 * Updated directory of upcoming AIDS-related medical conferences & forums
 * New Community Chat Rooms, where users can share their experiences
 * Comprehensive HIV/AIDS Web Resource Listings
 * HIV Testing Center Locator
 * AIDS-TV programming listings for World AIDS Day 1999
 * AIDS Bookstore, in association with AIDS Book Review Journal
 AIDS.ORG is viewed in 163 countries around the world. It's new features, such as Discussion Groups and Chat, usher in a new era of interactivity and community-building for it's users. As it's web traffic continues its rapid climb, AIDS.ORG is fast becoming the gateway to the Internet for everything related to HIV and AIDS.
AIDS.ORG: a World Wide AIDS Organization (non profit) http://www.aids.org 
 CONTACT: Mark Johnson
 Tel: +1 212 366 5252
e-mail: mark@aids.org  

Load-Date: December 2, 1999


End of Document
Page  of Aids



Aids
The Sunday Times (London)
July 26, 1992, Sunday


Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited
Section: Features
Length: 2295 words
Byline: Tom Mangold
Body


The counter-attack was launched long before last Monday's Panorama film on Aids had even been transmitted. ''A TV programme which suggests Aids threatens mainly high-risk groups like homosexuals and drug users was condemned today as irresponsible,'' trumpeted the London Evening Standard, wearily trying to unearth yet one more ''Panorama row'' story. It then found an MP to launch the silly season by engaging him to perform the tricky task of condemning a film before seeing it. ''Propaganda like this,'' huffed Jerry Hayes, vice-chairman of the Commons all-party Aids group, ''could lead to thousands of heterosexuals being infected and dying through ignorance by failing to spell out the real risk ...''
 What is it about reporting Aids that brings out the turkey in otherwise sensible people? Why should a BBC documentary that reports the truth about heterosexual Aids in Britain provoke such inane responses from people associated with that disparate group of doctors, civil servants, community health workers, charity workers and politicians loosely known as the Aids bureaucracy?
Why did Virginia Bottomley refuse point blank to appear on a programme she later admitted was ''powerful and full of merit''. Why did Kenneth Calman, chief medical officer, find it necessary to impose wartime emergency conditions on any appearance? (He would only be interviewed if Panorama agreed to transmit every single word he spoke and if Panorama agreed to run his uncut dissertation at the end of the film.) These are, of course, rhetorical questions. The truth is that the bureaucracy and the journalists are simply working off different agendas.
 The government is facing an awkward dilemma. After five years and Pounds 600m and all those grim ad agency images of tombstones and icebergs, it is now in the position of the sandwich-board man who has half-scared us to death with prophesies about the imminent end of the world, only to discover that doomsday has been delayed again. A once rapt audience has begun to get a little restless, some sniggering has broken out at the back, there are looks of disbelief. Credibility is at stake here and it may not be the most opportune moment for cabinet ministers and chief medical officers to appear.
 For several years we have been faced with the prospect of a viral holocaust unless we change our sexual behaviour (even though most of us behave well).  Aids, we were told, is indiscriminate, and the perception which was never really discouraged was of an epidemic rather like the one carried by the rat-borne flea of the great plague. It only had to reach your street, then …
 But we now know this is only a very partial truth. Aids is a weak virus, quite difficult to transmit. Sadly it is viciously discriminate; and the group least likely to suffer an epidemic is the vast majority of healthy, white or black, working and middle-class northern Europeans who are heterosexual, generally monogamous, and even if they do stray sexually do so within their own safe peer groups.
 The people who form the so-called high-risk groups are a minority. They are sexually promiscuous, often they have sexually transmitted diseases as evidence of their unsafe attitude towards sex, they tend not to use condoms.  Or they are homosexual (still the vast majority) or bisexual or intravenous drug users or they are sexually involved with someone who comes from a part of the world where heterosexual Aids is now endemic.
 Aids is high-risk for some, low-risk for others, but the powerful Aids bureaucracy wilfully and confusingly mixes the two groups up. It is therefore true to say (as they do endlessly) that heterosexual Aids is now the fastest growing group throughout the world, or that Aids is the greatest health threat this century. But that has little to do with the British picture.  Indeed, if you took all the women in low-risk groups who have developed Aids since the outbreak began, they would only fill four taxi cabs. That is still 17 too many, but does not represent an epidemic, and failure to highlight the figure when addressing a British audience is an act of casuistry.
 The vast majority of us who live our lives without the known risk factors associated with HIV will probably not catch it. There is a necessary caveat if we change our sexual lifestyles, start using drugs, risk anal sex, become promiscuous with unknown new partners and so on, then we leave the sanctuary of the low-risk life and go down into the danger zone. But people's sexual lifestyles are usually fixed by generational habits and fashions, and one health department press handout should not lead to the collapse of Britain's predominantly serial monogamous lifestyles. The chances of a low-risk group heterosexual finding a new partner who is HIV positive and actually exchanging intimate body fluids and becoming infected is generally accepted as being very low indeed.
 This news does not square with the end-of-the-world pronouncements, made by the British Aids bureaucracy a mere four years ago, that there would be 30,000 cases of Aids by this year (there are under 6,000). A year earlier, Norman Fowler, then at health, predicted 4,000 anticipated deaths over the following three years. In fact, in 10 years there have been 3,000. Bottomley maintains that Aids is the greatest health threat in history, and so it is in Uganda, Kenya, India, Thailand, but not in Britain.
 Time and time again while making our programme, I was urged by public health officials at national and local levels in Britain to be responsible and not to tell Panorama's viewers any reassuring news about heterosexual Aids. The nanny state remains obsessed with keeping us on the edge of a viral Nightmare on Elm Street when the truth is that so far it is still largely illusion.
 In fact, heterosexual Aids epidemics are invariably brought about by special co-factors that, happily, do not exist now and may never develop in Britain. In the Bahamas, where one in 80 people tested is HIV-positive, the heterosexual epidemic was the direct result of the arrival of a crack-cocaine epidemic, which in turn led to serious addiction, then indiscriminate sex for drugs, which in turn led to a 2,000% increase in genital ulcer diseases.  Under these conditions, the HIV virus flourished. Running parallel to this co-factor was the historic promiscuity of the Bahamians.
 Similarly, in Uganda the co-factors fuelling the terrible epidemic among both sexes is a deadly mixture of the social collapse following civil war, rural migration, extensive and endemic sexually transmitted diseases (STDs); men without their wives in the cities using prostitutes (among whom there is now a staggering 90% HIV infection rate) in a society where a prostitute costs less than a condom. In Thailand and India, it is something else again.
 In Britain, as in most of northern Europe, the heterosexual epidemic is substantially contained within high-risk groups, and although there are some cross-over points, the sexual behaviour patterns work against an uncontrolled spread. People in high-risk groups have sex with other people in high-risk groups, so limiting the length of sexual chains. We have a National Health Service only too ready, willing and able to deal with STDs and HIV infections. Despite impressions to the contrary there is real evidence to suggest that northern European youngsters, including the British, are generally more faithful, more monogamous, more discriminating and better educated in these matters than we imagine.
 Of course, there are still some disturbing signs and they must be reported and closely tracked. The most pessimistic forecast of heterosexual Aids comes from the distinguished epidemiologist Dr Roy Anderson, who argues that an epidemic may be beginning but the magnitude remains uncertain, and much depends on the rate at which people change their partners. But sexual behaviour research in Holland (and the figures are almost certainly the same for Britain) shows that some nine out of 10 people run no risk of becoming infected with HIV because their lifestyle precludes them from ever meeting anyone with the virus. It is not without significance that in Britain only one in 100 cases of Aids involves people with no risk factors. Even that small figure may reflect some distortion. When I interviewed a young woman within that category who had, tragically, been infected when her boyfriend's condom tore inside her, it emerged that he was almost certainly a covert bisexual, so placing her, statistically, in a high-risk group.
 Even where the government could be helping to focus its campaigns on specific high-risk groups, it is not always successful. In the early 1980s, it was felt (probably for the best reasons) to be politically correct not to target ethnic minorities and gays. An odd but convenient alliance emerged the high-risk groups themselves wanted to avert a backlash, the moral right wanted to halt what it perceived as an inexorable drift into permissiveness, the fast-growing Aids bureaucracy seemed content to go along with the idea, as did the church. Now, ironically, 10 years later the gays and the ethnic minorities are paying the price and are begging to be targeted in the knowledge that it is they who are most at risk and need all the money and help they can get. Government cash that could and should have been used to find and educate these specific groups was instead hurled into expensive national advertising campaigns directed at millions of people who face little risk. Sadly, there is little in the recent white paper, Health of the Nation, to suggest that the health department has yet grasped the message. In Holland, research has shown that the specific targeting of ethnic minorities and gays has not produced stigmatisation or any kind of backlash.
 Meanwhile, in Britain the Health Education Authority is still churning out Aids education pamphlets with a sublime disregard for the differing sexual cultures that require selective and sensitive targeting. In Holland, each ethnic minority group at risk, from Turkish guest workers to south Moluccan immigrants, is individually targeted. In Britain, the HEA has simply lumped Europeans, Chinese, Arabs, Turks, Hindis, Bengalis, Caribbean blacks and African blacks together in leaflets where only the pictures are different.
 In its defence, the health department is setting much store by the publication in the autumn of the report of its own Aids action group. But the advance copy we procured makes depressing reading, revealing that the most dangerous cross-over points for any potential heterosexual epidemic are not even being targeted. Incredibly, ''none of the district reports mentioned work within the sex industry (with rent boys, male prostitutes, masseurs, call boys and escorts)''. That may help explain how it is that one HIV-positive rent boy I interviewed in Leicester Square is still able to pop into the men's loos and have what he calls ''stress sex'' with covert bisexuals, who then go home and sleep with their wives. If, after a decade of Aids, the public health authority cannot even organise the efficient targeting of rent boys and their clients, then perhaps we should be asking for our money back.
 The embarrassing truth about the government's Aids campaign is that it has failed to alter the sexual behaviour of the groups most at risk because everyone was finger-wagged, and disbelief has set in. The national awareness campaigns were successful in placing this killer disease on the national agenda, but the follow-through careful, local targeting of the small, vulnerable groups has flopped.
 Meanwhile, the Aids bureaucracy plays games with statistics and continues to chill a new generation of youngsters, most of whom are probably more likely to die of bee stings than of Aids. A heterosexual Aids epidemic would only become a real threat in Britain if there were to be a dramatic change of sexual behaviour, serious social breakdowns, a collapse of consensual moral attitudes, civil war or unchecked immigration from countries where Aids is rife. It could happen, but it probably will not. Of course caution should rule, of course one's sexual guard must be rigorously maintained and the young, particularly, should never forget that they are bound by sensible sexual constraints and that they owe it to themselves and their partners to keep it that way.
 Despite the government's refusal to allow a national spokesperson to be asked questions on Panorama, it is worth revealing what the government's own views actually are about the possible dangers of a heterosexual epidemic. I found these tucked away inside an important but rather obscure report published by the Disease Surveillance Centre in Colindale and prepared by a distinguished working group convened by the director of the Public Health Laboratory Service under the chairmanship of Professor NEDay of the Medical Research Council's biostatistics unit in Cambridge. The report is the last official prediction of the probable course of Aids in England and Wales to the end of 1993. Looking at the possibility of a heterosexual Aids epidemic, the working group reported that ''major uncertainty'' exists in the direction the epidemic may be taking. The report acknowledges a small and continuing rise in the figures of low-risk heterosexual infections but finds accurate interpretation puzzling. There could be an exponential growth, warns the working party, or it could be that ''little new transmission is taking place in (this) group and that only minor increases will be seen in the next few years ..''.
 Now ain't that the truth?
Tom Mangold is a senior correspondent for the BBC Panorama programme. He was the reporter on last Monday's Aids The Myth and The Menace.

Graphic

 
The debate intensifies

Load-Date: July 29, 1992


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Ad



AIDS Ad
NPR All Things Considered NPR ALL THINGS CONSIDERED (NPR 8:00 pm ET)
DECEMBER 1, 1998, TUESDAY 8:19 pm ET


Copyright 1998 National Public Radio (R) All Rights Reserved
Section: News; Domestic; INTERVIEW
Length: 843 words
Byline: Linda Wertheimer, Washington, DC; Robert Siegel
Guests: Ron Simmons
Highlight: Linda talks to Ron Simmons, the Executive Director of U HELPING US, an organization based in Washington, DC, about an effort to raise awareness among African-Americans about AIDS. HIV infection numbers are going up among African-Americans.
Body


ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST: You're listening to NPR's ALL THINGS CONSIDERED.  I'm Robert Siegel.
 
 LINDA WERTHEIMER, HOST: And I'm Linda Wertheimer.
 
 Today is World AIDS Day.  According to the World Health Organization, the virus is continuing to spread around the world at the same rate it did last year.
WHO estimates that there were nearly six million new infections in 1998.  New infections were reported everywhere in the world, including in the United States.
 
 As public health officials here struggle with the spread of HIV and AIDS, African-American leaders have become increasingly concerned that the AIDS prevention message has not reached their communities. While the incidence of new cases of HIV infection is dropping for some groups, it is still going up among blacks and Hispanics.
 
 Compared with other ethnic groups, African-Americans account for the largest number of reported cases of AIDS.  So efforts are concentrating on reaching the African-American community.
 
 Here in Washington an organization called Us Helping Us is running ads on five local stations, truing to get the message out.
 
 (BEGIN AUDIO CLIP -- US HELPING US AD)
 
 UNIDENTIFIED ACTOR, TV AD, PROMOTING AIDS PREVENTION: My brother, did you know that Washington, DC has the highest number of AIDS cases per capita in the nation?  And most of the AIDS cases in the District are black men?  It ain't easy my brother being a black man these days.  A man has to know how to protect himself from HIV and especially when you're on the down low.  So, if you want good…
 
 WERTHEIMER: Ron Simmons is executive director of Us Helping Us, the group behind that ad, which goes on to give a telephone number and say there is a brother available who can answer questions.  Simmons says that's important.
 
 RON SIMMONS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, US HELPING US, WASHINGTON, DC: I have a background in sociology and one of things we know is that African- Americans will change the way they speak, as well as the things they say if there are white people around.  And so to really get them to speak about things that are very personal, that they may be ashamed of or feel is stigmatized, they're not going to say it a lot of times to a non-black person. So, it's important that they feel that when they call there they're going to be talking to someone who understands their life experiences who is a member of their community and will not be judgmental.
 
 WERTHEIMER: I gather than you and other activists in the black gay community and other people who are working on AIDS, feel that black political leadership around the country, has been slow to come to your assistance, that civil rights leaders and political leaders, have not been as engaged as they should have been in some of these issues.
 
 And that is changing.
 
 SIMMONS: It is changing.  And I think it's changing because the numbers can no longer be ignored, you know.  You mentioned African- Americans are so disproportionately affected by this disease.  It lead to the elimination of a generation if something is not done soon.  And I think the black leadership is beginning to realize that.
 
 WERTHEIMER: Now what you're doing is a locally designed campaign aimed right at the Washington, DC community.
 
 Is that the way to go do you think, letting each community figure out what works for it?  A very grassroots approach, or is some sort of over- arching national program needed?
 
 SIMMONS: It has to be local.  It has to be grassroots, because what will work in New York City will work let's say in Huntsville, Alabama.  So, you really have to let the people in the local jurisdiction decide what is best for their jurisdiction.  And places such as let's say Charlotte, you may not have African-American men who are engaged in sex with other men, admitting that they're gay or bisexual.  They will never come to a support group, OK.
 
 Washington, DC, which a lot of people may or may not realize, is viewed by many in the black gay and lesbian community, as being the black San Francisco.
 
 So, DC, we can say a lot of things that cannot be said both on the air and in our interpersonal relationships that would not hear being said elsewhere.
 
 There is a sizable black gay male community here that can be worked with and of course the goal would be to use those kinds of assets, community assets to your benefit because you do have a lot of men who are willing to be open.  Then it really makes it easier to put out the message.
 
 WERTHEIMER: Ron Simmons, thanks.
 
 SIMMONS: Thank you.
 
 WERTHEIMER: Ron Simmons is executive director of Us Helping Us. He works right here in Washington, DC
 
 This is a rush transcript. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.
 
 TO PURCHASE AN AUDIOTAPE OF THIS PIECE, PLEASE CALL 888-NPR-NEWS
 
No quotes from the materials contained herein may be used in any media without attribution to National Public Radio, Inc. This transcript may not be be reproduced in whole or in part without prior written permission. For further information please contact NPR's Office of the General Counsel at (202) 414-2040.

Load-Date: December 17, 1998


End of Document
Page  of Aids



Aids
The Sunday Times (London)
March 8, 1992, Sunday


Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited
Section: Features
Length: 1189 words
Body


Readers respond to last week's cover story, Don't Believe the Hype, about the myth of heterosexual Aids.
 DEIRDRE FERNAND and Jasper Gerard are wrong about who was the first to expose the hype surrounding the heterosexual transmission of HIVAids and wrong, too, in their explanation of the government's scare campaign.
 In 1987, three years before Michael Fumento's book, Michael Fitzpatrick and Don Milligan published The Truth About the Aids Panic, which indicated the low risk of heterosexual spread in Britain and the irrationality of the campaign.
 The government's objective is not to satisfy some radical agenda of ''political correctness'' but to exploit fears of a fatal disease to promote sexual and moral conformity.
Michael Fitzpatrick
London N16
YOU SAID that the myth about the heterosexual risk of Aids was first exposed in 1990. Not true. The myth was exposed in 1988 in my book The Health Scandal.
 In 1989, the British Medical Journal published a scientific paper, produced with the backing of the World Health Organisation, which concluded that ''the only sexual practice that clearly increased the risk of male-to-female transmission was anal intercourse… no other sexual practices have been associated with the risk of transmission''.
 The scientific evidence was always clear. The trouble was that the truth was constantly attacked by those with a vested interest in maintaining the myth.
Vernon Coleman
Lynmouth, Devon
''NOBODY is advocating complacency,'' said Deirdre Fernand and Jasper Gerard near the end of an article titled and subtitled to reassure the complacent.  We think they should have said:
 Aids is different. It is not analogous to polio or flu. In most viral epidemics, most of the population survives, becomes immune, and stops shedding the virus. This will not happen with HIV. Those who are exposed to it either contract the disease or escape this time but remain susceptible.  The incidence may decline for a time if a high-risk group changes its behaviour, but if the virus escapes into a general population with uninhibited behaviour, growth resumes.
This has happened. Some gay men, some travellers from high-risk areas, and most drug-users have heterosexual intercourse in Britain. To quote Virginia Bottomley: ''It is largely irrelevant where the infection occurred. We now have an increasing pool of people who are here, are HIV positive and are heterosexual.''
 High-risk partners won't wear a label. Some partners are riskier than others, but can you be sure who is a low-risk partner? Does your dinner date include a cat-
echism over the coffee and mints: ''How many sexual partners have you had, what do you know about their love lives, their risk index and that of their previous partners?''
 The risks for our country are awesome. Aids is a personal tragedy to many already, but an epidemic on the African scale would be a cataclysm. In some African cities a third of the young adults are already infected with HIV.  Aids spreads rapidly in poor tropial countries where other venereal infections are common; it is spreading more slowly but just as surely in other European and Noth American countries, and Britain can expect no immunity.
 The time to avert the tragedy is now. We do not know when we shall have a safe, effective vaccine against HIV. Until then we have only two weapons: monogamy and the condom. If the pressure groups have distorted the government's campaign, it is by suppressing the first message. The government is coy about saying ''Marriage: wait for it, stay with it'' surprising when it is the teaching of almost all religions in Britain.
 Health educators and ministers can't win. Anne Edwards is right. If the message gets across and the epidemic is averted we shall be criticised as alarmist. However, we share Virginia Bottomley's sentiment: ''In 10 years' time I would prefer the government to be criticised for putting too much effort into preventing Aids than too little''.
Angela Jones and David Kerr
Public Health Directorate North West Thames Regional Health Authority
London W2
YOUR article, which claimed that scientific accuracy is being sacrificed to ''political correctness'', missed the point.
 Aids is the biggest killer of women between 25 and 44 in New York City. In many respects Britain is fortunate to have gained knowledge and awareness from other countries where the disease appeared before it did here.
 It is very likely that the government's efforts to encourage responsible sexual behaviour, along with the Health Education Authority and the voluntary sector, have contributed to controlling an escalation of heterosexual Aids in Britain. To be of continuing benefit, such education needs to be ongoing.
 The research findings at St Thomas's Hospital are appropriate for health planning in west Lambeth, where the population includes a high number of drug-users and people of African origin, but your assertion that most of these people are recently arrived is unfounded. Malarial antibodies can be found in infected blood for many years after initial infection and quite often for life.
 Our fear is that readers of The Sunday Times will assume that people living outside metropolitan London can afford to be complacent; the potential for carelessness is encouraged by those who oversimplify the challenges we face as a global community in combating this disease.
 It is our belief, as members of the Royal College of Nursing working in this field, that health promotion is part of our duty and responsibility to the community we serve.
Peter Boylan
Chair, RCN Aids Nursing
Forum, London W1
I AM a university student and I recently attended a talk on Aids. The speaker concentrated on ''inappropriate terminology'' such as ''high risk'', ''drug addict'' and ''promiscuity''. The emphasis was on making sure we had the right attitudes towards Aids sufferers (another forbidden term), rather than on giving us accurate information about the transmission of the disease and the behaviour most likely to put us at risk.
 To blame anyone for contracting Aids is bigoted and wrong, but it is equally wrong to ignore or deny that, in most instances, one's lifestyle is the cause of the disease. To lose sight of this fact is foolishly shortsighted, for what incentive will there be for anyone to change their dangerous behaviour if they believe, as they are told, that Aids is indiscriminate?
K Peterson Sheffield
YOUR article condemned the World Health Organisation and the Royal College of Nursing for grossly overestimating the impact of the disease among heterosexuals. But does not the fact that the number of Aids cases recorded in Great Britain in 1990 is much lower than such estimates illustrate just how successful the government campaign actually was?
 It is true that there is much more work to be done in the realm of the distribution of correct and scientific information concerning the disease.  However, the campaigns and so-called ''scaremongering'' of the present day cannot be condemned for merely making people aware of the virus. Aids is everyone's problem. It is passed on by fellow human beings and thus must be treated as such.
Ann Armstrong
Durham

Graphic

 
sorting out the sense from the sensationalism

Load-Date: March 11, 1992


End of Document
Page  of AIDS



AIDS
City News Service
September 12, 1997, Friday


Copyright 1997 City News Service, Inc.
No City News Service material may be republished without the express written permission of City News Service, Inc.
Length: 221 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Los Angeles County's top AIDS epidemiologist says the AIDS epidemic appears to be over countywide following a 56 percent drop in
 deaths during the first half of this year as compared with the same period
 last year.
Dr. Peter Kerndt's remarks yesterday were delivered as the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said accidents have replaced AIDS as the
 leading cause of death among the nation's young to middle-age adults because the
 rate of AIDS deaths dropped by 26 percent between 1995 and 1996.
AIDS
 The AIDS epidemic as we knew it is over, and we're entering a new era, an era where treatment is effective,'' Kerndt, director of the HIV epidemiology
 program for the county Health Services Department, was quoted by the Daily
 News as saying.
 The difference is before, we couldn't do anything for people. All we could do was hold their hands and watch them die. Now treatment matters.
 Treatment equals life.''
Clouding the good news is that no one knows for sure how many people are infected with the virus that causes AIDS, which Kerndt said could mean that
 the death rate might rebound in years to come.
Although all new AIDS cases must be reported, no such requirement applies to new infections from the human immunodeficiency virus.
 We need to move from AIDS surveillance to HIV surveillance,'' Kerndt said.
      

Load-Date: September 13, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Man walks across country to help kids with AIDS aids aids



Man walks across country to help kids with AIDS aids aids
$%Charleston Gazette (West Virginia) virginia) virginia)
October 26, 1998, Monday monday monday


Copyright 1998 Charleston Newspapers newspapers newspapers
Section: Life; Pg. P2D P2D P2D
Length: 1108 words
Byline: Florangela Davila The Seattle Times times times
Body


SEATTLE - On the road, Louie Rochon wouldn't allow himself to think of
the distance he hoped to travel on foot because such thoughts would
drive him crazy.
And he tried not to focus on the loneliness, which is what happens
when you're out there walking through swamps and thigh-high grass, on
snowy ground, on asphalt so hot it's like stepping on chewing gum,
going for long stretches without meeting another human being.
Rochon did his best to dismiss the spitting, the cussing, the rocks
and bottles hurled at him, which didn't happen too often but enough to
give him pause.
There is still so much misunderstanding about AIDS, he realized.
People thinking AIDS is "a gay disease" was one of the toughest things
about the walk that took him two years to complete.  complete.  complete.
What made it easy - if one can ascribe "easy" to walking across the
country, from Miami to Bremerton, Wash., - were the children Rochon
kept thinking about.
Rochon walked to call attention to children battling AIDS, and he met
many of them along his route.
He had never known anyone with AIDS before he met these kids. And
having met them, it became unthinkable to consider quitting, he said,
because kids with AIDS can't give up.
"So you wake up," he said. "You put on your boots. You do it again and
again and all of a sudden, you're doing something."
Rochon arrived in Seattle last week on a ferry, having made it on foot
to Bremerton. All along, he planned to walk the last mile as part of a
final ceremony and one last fund-raiser. He wants the public help
raise money for Camp Heartland, a free summer camp in Willow River,
Minn., for children affected by AIDS.
Rochon's story is about hope: how he went looking for it, how he found
it along the way and how he gave it to others.
He used to sell real estate in Bothell, Wash., a job he did quite
well. Over the years, he acquired many sales trophies that he kept on
display in his den. He had a nice house and cars. He wore good suits.
He was married with one child.
Until then, his life was about working so he could collect things and
be more comfortable. Nothing wrong with that, Rochon says now, except
it wasn't enough for him.
He lost enthusiasm, then became depressed, which cost him his job. He
divorced. He floundered.
"It's funny how you get to middle age and you kind of get
brainwashed," the 42-year-old says. "You think: Why try anymore? I
needed to prove to myself that there was still a possibility that an
individual can make a difference. I had become pretty apathetic."
He describes himself as more spiritual than religious. He says the
notion of walking across the country came to him as he was driving in
the desert. Living in Phoenix at the time, Rochon drove and started to
pray.
Rebel with a cause
Even he thought the notion ludicrous. But when the notion stayed put,
it became his purpose. He realized walking across the country was
still unusual enough that he could attract attention. The worthy thing
to do was to walk on behalf of some cause, he then figured. As a
father, he wanted to benefit some children's charity.
It was a friend of a friend who introduced him to a pediatric AIDS
group in Phoenix. Rochon met some of the children, and they laughed
and jumped, and he realized they were just like his own son. Except
they might die soon. They became his cause.
The walk was never about breaking some distance or speed record.
Instead, what Rochon wanted to do was call press conferences along his
route and ask people to donate to a local children's AIDS group. And
he hoped to meet with children wherever he could.
Early on, a girl named Stephanie, who had AIDS, gave him a stuffed
bear that Rochon pinned to his backpack. Other children followed suit,
giving him more stuffed animals, photos, good-luck charms, cards and
hugs wishing him well.
Rochon is barrel-chested with thick forearms and calves. He has a
ponytail the color of wheat and a beard that's silver in parts. He
reminds you of a lifeguard. When he walks barefoot, he tips a bit from
side to side, as if he's walking in wet sand.
He speaks to you the way youngsters talk after they've been
trick-or-treating for the first time: full of enthusiasm, like they've
just been on the best adventure and, having returned, are eager to
tell you every detail.
Which is inspiring. Rochon tells of the enormous effect the walk has
had on him.
"My whole center of focus used to be, 'How can I get more? Be more
secure. More things. More assets.' That was my life.
"Now, it's, 'How can I help? What can I give?' It's about making the
difference in someone else's life instead of your own."
He sold his assets before he left. When money ran out, strangers
stepped in and bought him coffee or a meal. His mother also helped
support him each month.
Bears and alligators
For most of the 4,900 miles, Rochon walked alone with the bears. He
avoided the alligators in southern Florida and traversed 1,500 miles
of desert in the West.
It got nasty in California with El Ni o downpours of such severity
that roads were washed away. Many times, Rochon walked and then had to
turn back and find another route.
He walked 10, 15, sometimes 20 miles at a time, walking against
traffic because it's safer that way, tying small red ribbons at each
point he stopped so he would know where he should start up again.
At times, he had a donated motor home and a moped: He'd drive one
vehicle to his destination point, and drive the second vehicle back to
the start.
He'd walk the 10 miles. Then he'd drive back, pick up the other
vehicle and begin the next day.
The children he met who had AIDS told him to tell other children that
they weren't bad kids, just sick.
Mothers and fathers wrote to him, thanking him for his support.
"To Louie Rochon: Many families are living in the darkness that AIDS
brings, but it is so nice to have angels like you, lighting the way of
awareness."
When he began walking along the West Coast, he asked that donations be
sent to Camp Heartland. So far, the camp has collected $ 4,000.
His sister has breast cancer, so he'll be moving temporarily to West
Virginia to care for her. After that, he has dreams of opening a
studio and blowing glass.
Rochon says he's an ordinary man who did something extraordinary.
Many people across the country have said he's much more than that.
Even when you have all the support of family and friends, explained
Jonathan Swain, 15, of Wisconsin, you can still get down every now and
then, thinking 'I have AIDS. Wow. That's pretty bad.'
"It kind of warms up my heart; it's special of him to do something for
children with AIDS," said Jonathan, who has had AIDS since he was 2
days old.
"I think it's kind of crazy," he said about Rochon's walk. "But it's
real nice in another way." way." way."

Load-Date: October 27, 1998


End of Document
Page  of Aids



Aids
The Times
October 17, 1990, Wednesday


Copyright 1990 Times Newspapers Limited
Section: Features
Length: 944 words
Byline: Thomson Prentice
Body


Facing Sir Donald Acheson, the government's chief medical officer, as he sits at his desk is a souvenir poster, bearing the message: ''Aids: Don't die of ignorance.'' That was the slogan of early 1987, plastered over billboards, flashed on TV screens, and dropped through 23 million letterboxes, in a year when public alarm over the disease was brought to a crescendo.
The idea was to persuade people to consider the risk of Aids personally, and to modify their sexual behaviour to protect themselves. If the latest figures are reliable, the campaign has been a dismal and dangerous flop. But who is at fault?
According to health department statistics, the epidemic is moving with renewed speed, and the virus is now spreading faster among heterosexuals than any other group, including homosexual men and intravenous drug abusers.
The number of people known to have contracted Aids through heterosexual intercourse has increased by 95 per cent in the last 12 months, from 123 to 240. The overall total since the disease was first reported in Britain in 1982 stands at 3,798, of whom 2,040 have died. In addition, 14,723 people are known to be HIV-positive. Four years ago, there were 565 known cases, of whom 284 had died.
The new figures tell us a number of things. Most strikingly, they show that despite the Pounds 32 million publicity campaigns in the last four years, new infections have continued. This is due in part to the muddled messages in some of those campaigns. The public was led to believe that a catastrophe was at hand; when it did not materialise, they became complacent.
Four years ago the predicted spread of Aids was grossly overestimated, because of scientific ignorance of what was then a new disease. When experts started revising their figures downwards, laymen were not slow to conclude that the problem was going away.
When prejudices suggesting that Aids is essentially a homosexual disease were inflamed by the well-publicised statements of ignorant but influential individuals, warnings of the risks to heterosexuals were disregarded. When the rapid heterosexual spread of Aids across most of sub-Saharan Africa failed to make any difference to the British perception of the disease, that disregard reached new depths. And when the prime minister last year cancelled a planned national scientific survey of sexual behaviour, people could hardly be blamed for believing the threat had gone away.
But in the last 12 months, 407 heterosexual men and women were found to be HIV-positive when they volunteered for blood tests. This was a 57 per cent increase on the previous 12 months, bringing the total of known infections acquired through heterosexual intercourse to 1,121. The true number is certainly much higher, and may be several thousands. People do not seek an HIV test without good reason. Usually, they are anxious that they may have been infected during a recent sexual encounter. How many others suppress their anxieties, preferring ignorance?
The figures show that a large number of young men and women have become infected during or since the campaigns. They have been bombarded with information, but have not used it to modify their sexual behaviour or take precautions.
They are now faced with the onset of an incurable disease, and are at risk of infecting others, including their unborn children. But at least they know they are carriers, and may get early treatment with zidovudine, also known as AZT, the only licensed drug that keeps Aids symptoms at bay. They should also be receiving expert advice to minimise the chances of passing on the virus.
These cases represent the foundation of a heterosexual Aids epidemic in Britain. The numbers will remain relatively small for
the next few years, but they will grow slowly. They may never match the totals of homosexual or bisexual men who account for about 80 per cent of all those infected, yet they should help to nail the myth of the ''gay plague'' which, more than anything else, has led people to ignore government warnings and handicapped the development of realistic, credible Aids prevention work.
Sir Donald Acheson is not surprised by the heterosexual cases. He has long understood the need for urgent action. With the then social services secretary, he went to San Francisco and New York to see the impact of Aids there, to meet men and women dying from it, and doctors trying to treat it. They tried to combine political sensitivity towards sexuality, and homosexuality in particular, with public education.
In a House of Commons debate on the disease on November 21, 1986, Norman Fowler said: ''At the moment the infection is still virtually confined to a few relatively small groups. Unless we all take action, it will spread more widely into the heterosexual population, as it is already doing in other countries. Our message cannot be confined to these groups. That means striking a balance between warning everyone of the risks, and not causing unnecessary panic.''
Neither Mr Fowler nor Sir Donald can be blamed if the balance has gone badly askew since then. The problem of how to restore it now rests with the health minister, Virginia Bottomley, who will soon announce that a new publicity campaign is to be launched this winter.
What she needs to say is this: Aids is a sexually transmitted disease that so far in Britain has affected a great many more homosexuals than heterosexuals. The first phase of an epidemic that will last for decades is over. A second phase has begun. The risk of infection through heterosexual intercourse is very small. Only individual responsibility will keep it that way. Carelessness kills.

Load-Date: October 18, 1990


End of Document
Page  of Canada unveils five-year plan to fight AIDS aids aids



Canada unveils five-year plan to fight AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
December 01, 1997 1997 1997 1957 1957 195719:57 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 269 words
Dateline: OTTAWA, Dec 1 1 1
Body


A new Canadian five-year plan to fight AIDS will stress prevention, research and treatment of people with the deadly disease or infected with the HIV virus that causes it, Health Minister Allan Rock said Monday.
Canada's AIDS strategy, unveiled on World AIDS Day, will cost 211 million dollars (148 million US dollars), Rock said.  said.  said.
It will go into effect April 1.
Programs in the five-year plan will target such high-risk groups for HIV as natives, intravenous drug users and young people.
A special cabinet committee will advise the government on AIDS spending and report each year on progress in stemming HIV infection, Rock said.
He noted that the infection rate had increased by 50 percent since 1992, with the majority of new HIV cases reported among teens, women and young homosexuals.
The number of deaths from AIDS, however, dropped last year due to new combination drug therapies.
The AIDS strategy, with an annual cost of 42.2 million dollars (29.5 million US dollars), will be given greater flexibility over the five years than the last AIDS plan, which expired in March, Rock said.
He noted that it is impossible to predict which groups the epidemic will strike next, so spending priorities had to remain open over the course of the plan.
Ottawa also announced new steps to stop HIV infection in prisons, where the infection rate is 10 times higher than in the general population.
Corrections Canada will step up HIV screening among inmates and start a methadone program for heroin addicts to stop them from using potentially tainted needles to support their habit.
ap/hh/xb xb xb

Load-Date: December 1, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Aid for Aids



Aid for Aids
The Times
April 21, 1992, Tuesday


Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited
Section: Features
Length: 457 words
Body


Live Aid, the 1985 rock concert to help victims of famine in Africa, astonished the world with its energy, idealism and commitment to the cause of the starving in faraway lands. The performance of the night was by Queen, whose star, Freddie Mercury, put on a show of such stunning intensity that the band's album shot back to the top of the charts. How apt and poignant therefore that last night's Wembley spectacular should be in memory of the man whose death in November has done more than any number of pious government campaigns to bring home to young people the tragedy of Aids.
The canonisation of Mercury may be mawkish, the accolades overdone. As a singer and flamboyant stage presence he was unsurpassed, but as a role model he gave scant encouragement to Aids activists, refusing until only a day before his death to acknowledge publicly that he had Aids. Yet Queen was right to come together again to eulogise his memory. Channelling the grief of millions of fans, the band has personalised a cause that, like starvation, apartheid or the Kurds, would otherwise have left most indifferent.
 Aids may be modish in Hollywood but it is still so taboo that most pop singers have shunned Aids charities. That changed yesterday. The parade of personalities on stage was like a rock Who's Who. Even Mrs Larry Fortensky, better known as Elizabeth Taylor, was there to add glitz and the moral authority of her Aids campaigning.
 Wembley charity spectaculars are becoming an annual fixture in the rock world. Everyone benefits. The stars can afford to play for free because the publicity is more than money can buy and the glow of having contributed to a good cause disarms many a barbed criticism of an often exploitative and amoral ifestyle. Charities see a way of getting their message across to millions, swaying public opinion and raising substantial sums from television and video rights. Fans can indulge for three hours in some of the best in rock, which can now be broadcast to a billion people simultaneously.
 Britain has discovered a talent for these global spectaculars. As with the London marathon, British organisers are experienced, know the market and can turn a burst of enthusiasm into a properly costed operation. English is overwhelmingly the language of pop, and British groups are still among the world's best. Britain is in the right time-zone to broadcast both east and west.
 The Wembley charity rock concerts mix the untapped idealism of thousands of ordinary people with their determination to have a good time. They play publicity for the huge sums it is worth. And in a cynical world, the global message performs an almost evangelising function in raising awareness of other people's suffering.

Load-Date: April 22, 1992


End of Document
Page  of AIDS-Memoire



AIDS-Memoire
National Journal
August 13 1994


Copyright 1994 The National Journal, Inc.
Section:  HEALTH; Vol. 26, No. 33; Pg. 1913
Length: 3973 words
Byline:  LOUIS JACOBSON
Highlight: A czar was born when President Clinton named Kristine M. Gebbie to be his national AIDS policy coordinator. But a year later, under unrelenting fire from AIDS activists, Gebbie resigned. Her departure underscores the trouble that some activists have had shifting from the outsider's game to the insider's.
Body


At a time when the Clinton Administration was dangling plum jobs in front of exile-weary Democrats, few posts promised as many headaches as that of national AIDS policy coordinator. When Kristine M. Gebbie accepted the position a little more than a year ago, in fact, the job description was littered with so many warning flags -- from finding enough money to care for the growing number of AIDS patients to handling the nation's increasingly restive community of AIDS activists -- that at least a half-dozen leading candidates had withdrawn their names from consideration.
The abrupt end to Gebbie's tenure -- she resigned under fire from AIDS groups in early July -- proved the truth of these early conjectures, and more. She weathered howls of discontent from AIDS activists who complained, among other things, that her subdued "advocacy" was doing little to fulfill Bill Clinton's promises on the AIDS front in the 1992 presidential campaign.
There are lessons to be learned from her experience; as even Gebbie admitted in an interview just two days before she resigned, she and the architects of the office at the White House made some key mistakes in planning and execution. Still, it seemed during the final months of Gebbie's tenure that AIDS activists were so focused on the narrow issue of whether she and her office would stay or go that almost everything else fell by the wayside.
Belatedly, AIDS activists are trying to grapple with a policy landscape that's remarkably different from what it was when President Clinton was sworn in. On the one hand, the antagonism over Gebbie's performance obscured real gains for AIDS activists compared with what they managed to achieve in the Reagan and Bush Administrations -- everything from easier and friendlier relationships with Administration officials and significantly more money for their cause to a new willingness to allow career officials in the executive branch to reverse long-standing policy guidelines that affect virtually every AIDS clinic and prevention program in the nation.
Yet the end of the Gebbie battle is also hastening an unpleasant process of self-examination among activists who are having trouble adapting to the new AIDS battle lines. Many of them now privately acknowledge that the sometimes outrageous protests that raised public awareness in the Reagan and Bush years are counterproductive when a generally friendly Administration is in power.
And though many AIDS activists have become fluent in the arcane details of appropriations requests and federal regulations, many are finding it hard to adapt to a policy arena in which they must balance politics and finance rather than just, as one put it, "making policy by press release."
Perhaps the most difficult adjustment has been acknowledging the need for patience. More federal money than ever is being poured into drug and vaccine research, but medical breakthroughs are rare. Some of the greatest frustration is expressed by such activists as Mike Shriver, the executive director of San Francisco-based Mobilization Against AIDS. More than anything else, Shriver and other HIV-positive activists fear that they and their friends won't live to see any progress in beating AIDS.
"After 12 years of neglect, Clinton said we'd fully fund the Ryan White Care Act [which helps to pay for the care of AIDS patients], step up prevention, get better research," Shriver said in an interview. "He said the right things. But he just hasn't delivered. I wish I could read his mind. I really do."
A CZAR IS BORN
The story of Clinton's turbulent relationship with AIDS activists must begin, though not end, with the decision to create an "AIDS czar." The position had never been an explicit demand of AIDS groups, but when Clinton raised the idea on the campaign trail, his broad support within the gay community spilled over into tacit support for the "czar" idea.
Yet because Clinton had never described what the czar would be expected to do, "everybody in the AIDS community had something different in mind," said Daniel T. Bross, the executive director of the AIDS Action Council, a national organization of AIDS care providers and advocates. "There were a thousand different ideas, from having [former Surgeon General] C. Everett Koop reporting directly to the President, to having an office with a 500-person staff."
Gebbie was the victim of these high expectations. At times, the criticism of her from AIDS activists has been as belligerent as that from conservative Christian groups, which cheered her resignation.
"On the whole, the Washington-based groups are 100 per cent advocacy, and they had a notion that the AIDS czar would be like them," Gebbie said. "They were writing a job description for one of their own staff members. . . . But their 100 per cent issue is the Administration's 5 per cent issue. They [didn't understand] that they would get a reception, but not all that they wanted."
By the time Gebbie accepted the position, the gay community's warmth toward Clinton had cooled. For starters, Clinton had backtracked on his pledge to fully open the military to gays; then, under pressure from Capitol Hill, he'd decided not to overturn the ban on HIV-positive immigrants.
At least three and perhaps as many as five candidates had turned down the chance to be AIDS czar; many observers speculate that the office's precarious mandate was a major turnoff. Critics said -- and Gebbie, in the interview, generally agreed -- that with a staff and a mandate straddling the White House and the Health and Human Services Department (HHS), the office found it difficult to speak in a clear and independent voice.
Tellingly, Gebbie's problems began when the news media started to use the position's unofficial name of "AIDS czar" almost exclusively. "Not only does it not describe what the President wants us to do, but the term czar' doesn't fit government well," Gebbie said. "People hear the term and think, She could do things if she wanted to -- she could run around and say, "Virus be gone." ' The real job is in the creation of a national policy. That needs a longer time frame to happen."
If the position were ever designed to reduce red tape, however, activists agree that it has failed. "It should be a coordinating role, to cut through the bureaucracy," Julie Scofield, the executive director of the Washington-based National Alliance of State and Territorial AIDS Directors, said. "But that's absolutely not been the case. . . . It seems like more of a bureaucratic tangle than in the past." Gebbie conceded that the number of bureaucratic hurdles she faced was unexpectedly and disappointingly large.
AIDS activists also maintain that Gebbie's office suffered from having its staff scattered around Washington. Only a handful of Gebbie's 30 aides, for example, worked alongside her in a tiny suite across from the Old Executive Office Building.
Even among many of her critics, Gebbie remains well-respected as a professional, particularly for her real-life experience in caring for AIDS patients. But they say that her lack of experience in Washington showed, worsening her plight through a series of communications blunders that depleted what modest political capital she began with.
An AIDS activist who asked not to be identified recalled the time when Gebbie telephoned Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., a member of the Appropriations Committee, to push for Clinton's proposed increase in AIDS spending, which was scheduled for markup that week. Pelosi, the activist said, had to tell Gebbie that her committee had approved the increase earlier that morning.
Another activist was piqued to find that Gebbie continued what he considered a grating practice of the Reagan and Bush Administrations: including the sizable AIDS expenditures by medicaid and other entitlement programs in charts describing the federal government's efforts to defeat AIDS. Many activists argue that including such expenditures misleadingly balloons the government's commitment to fighting AIDS.
Other activists say that they recall meetings in which Gebbie seemed to evade their questions or was tactless or brusque.
Gebbie confirmed the gist of the Pelosi and expenditure-chart stories, though she maintained that the inclusion of medicaid and other entitlement spending, clearly labeled, is the fairest way to measure the government's response to AIDS.
"I think she's a very smart woman who really knows a lot of policy issues related to HIV," Scofield said. "Part of my concern is that she didn't move quickly to bring aboard a staff that knows Washington well."
Gebbie conceded that some other criticisms from AIDS groups were justified. In retrospect, she said in the interview, she should have visited Capitol Hill more often to lobby for AIDS legislation. "I had thought it would be redundant," she said. "But the message from the advocacy groups was that I would not be redundant but additive, and that they would have appreciated it."
On the other hand, she defended most of an "action agenda" that activists derided as soon as it was issued in April. The activists complained that the agenda was woefully short on specifics, even though it had been in the works for nearly nine months.
Although she acknowledged that AIDS discrimination should have been on the agenda (at first it was not), Gebbie said that most AIDS groups completely misinterpreted the document. "It was never intended to be a complete plan," she said. "It was a starting point."
In any case, Gebbie said, she saw her office as one that would work behind the scenes, letting federal departments and agencies take credit for their own programs. But some activists complain that the Office of National AIDS Policy, under Gebbie, drained money and manpower from what they view as more productive channels.
Mike Shriver is one who knows how far a little money and a lot of work can go. Shriver, with a staff of only three, turned his local AIDS organization into a national lobbying force with a $ 250,000 budget and lots of respect in Washington. "When I look at what a staff of three can do and a staff of 30 can't, yes, I'm frustrated -- no, make that appalled."
LOOKING AT THE FOREST
Despite her admitted missteps, Gebbie maintains that her office helped the Clinton Administration achieve important advances in AIDS policy. Some leading AIDS activists -- even those who've been fiercely critical of her and the Administration -- concede that she has a point.
By way of context, one of the AIDS community's most valued allies, Timothy Westmoreland, makes sure to begin an interview by mentioning history that he suggests might be unfamiliar to some younger activists.
"It's such an incredible sea change," said Westmoreland, who's handled AIDS issues for Henry A. Waxman, D-Calif., the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health and the Environment, ever since the outbreak of the AIDS epidemic in the early 1980s. Westmoreland named numerous officials of the Reagan and Bush Administrations who, he said, brazenly limited anti-AIDS efforts to the barest minimum to avoid offending conservatives.
Westmoreland said that what he welcomes most about the Clinton Administration is the end of such practices. "It used to be like watching the hands of a clock move," he said. "Look at the changes."
Among them, Westmoreland said, are Gebbie's firm rule of including HIV-positive people in all important policy meetings and the creation of the Office of AIDS Research.
The Office of AIDS Research, whose reins were taken up this spring by William Paul, operates out of HHS's National Institutes of Health. At first, Paul's lack of experience in AIDS research (though he is an immunologist) worried some activists. Now, however, many of them see both his office and his appointment as steps in the right direction, citing, for example, the creation of a multi-agency task force to accelerate the development and introduction of drugs.
AIDS activists have generally welcomed several of Clinton's key appointments. Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders, who has used her position as a bully pulpit on AIDS, is the most visible, but two HHS officials -- Philip R. Lee, the assistant secretary for health, and Patricia S. (Patsy) Fleming, a special assistant to Secretary Donna E. Shalala who's now also the acting national AIDS policy coordinator -- are widely singled out for credit. (Even before assuming the new duties, Fleming said, she spent about 80 per cent of her time on AIDS.) With the leadership these appointees have displayed, Scofield said, "we might not have needed the AIDS czar" in the first place.
The loosening of the Republican grip on HHS, activists say, has allowed Shalala, Fleming and Lee to launch some important initiatives -- everything from enhanced educational programs on AIDS for federal employees to wider latitude for local AIDS prevention efforts. Meanwhile, Clinton's plan to overhaul the nation's health care system, though enmeshed in controversy on Capitol Hill, remains popular among AIDS groups because it would vastly improve the health security of AIDS patients, about a fourth of whom are uninsured. (See this issue, p. 1904.)
Finally, there is the issue of access. "There are many more open doors," Scofield said. "It's a very positive difference," Jeffrey A. Levi, a health care consultant who used to head the Washington office of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, added. "The things we're talking about now weren't even conceivable as issues in previous Administrations. What is legitimate policy today is totally different than it was two years ago."
WHO'S TO BLAME?
Exactly why, then, has the relationship between AIDS activists and the White House soured so badly?
Chalk some of it up to the almost inevitable lowering of expectations within the gay community following Clinton's election. "Clinton's election for us signaled change," Shriver said. "But in the history of dealing with the epidemic, it has always been a battle -- for funding, for policy, for compassion. . . . I believed the paradigm was going to shift, that we were not going to be fighting irrelevancies."
But for a variety of reasons, the paradigm -- publicly at least -- hasn't shifted as much as the activists once hoped it would. Some of them say that Clinton, though he's made some AIDS-oriented speeches and appearances, has bowed more to political realities than they had expected. They cite the Administration's reluctance to promote needle exchange programs for drug users, its failure to back more-explicit public service advertisements on AIDS and Clinton's about-face on the immigration ban.
"I think for a community of people for the most part disenfranchised and unloved, even hearing their name spoken seems to be all you need," A. Cornelius Baker, the director of public policy and education at the National Association of People With AIDS (NAPWA), said. "But that's not the level of the game we need to be at."
Money -- as with so many issues -- has sparked many of the disagreements. Clinton gave unprecedentedly large increases to AIDS care, research and prevention efforts in his budget for fiscal 1994. But the Administration's requests for fiscal 1995 weren't, for the most part, of the same order. Even some congressional subcommittees rejected his requests as too low and upped them. (See table, this page.)
The Administration's growing emphasis on reducing the federal budget deficit has fueled the distrust of AIDS activists. Some fear that financing the fight against AIDS has become a zero-sum game, that money spent on care inevitably takes money away from prevention or medical research.  "You can never have enough money," Fleming said. "There are budget caps on all categories, including entitlement caps. To raise [spending on AIDS], you have to take it out of something else [in the budget]."
"I don't blame [Clinton's] AIDS policy as much as his budget plans," Westmoreland said. "The macro decisions make [budget constraints] inevitable."
Bross said that it isn't so much the falloff in budget requests that worries him; it's the betrayal he feels when Clinton overpromises and then doesn't fight for his own recommendations. "It's easy to think up a budget report and please us," he said. "You can issue press releases and be complimentary. But he does that and walks away. He's willing to cut deals and make trades. He can't have it both ways. [AIDS groups] see a disconnect. It's the realization of Slick Willie.' "
And the nature of the AIDS epidemic has also left Clinton in an unenviable rut. Despite the continued spread of AIDS in the United States and around the world, public and media interest has waned, dissipating what was once an atmosphere of crisis. And scientists have little hopeful news about experimental treatments, making it difficult to whip up enthusiasm for new research funds. "If there were a new breakthrough when Clinton was President, he would get all the credit," Bross said. "If there's no cure, there's no hope."
But if Clinton has found it difficult to turn around the ship he inherited from the Reagan and Bush Administrations, AIDS activists have found it equally difficult to shift from the outsider's game to the insider's.
A clear symbol of the change appears on the wall of an HHS office near Fleming's that's plastered with AIDS awareness posters. One of the posters, by the artist Keith Haring (who died of AIDS), implores Americans to "Act Up" in fighting the disease. Such a poster on the department's walls -- embracing the rhetoric of the street-activist group ACT UP -- would have been unthinkable before Clinton's election. Yet Fleming said that she not only depends on AIDS activists for up-to-date information, but also is "very close" to them.
The continued, if somewhat less frequent, protests by the most outspoken activists -- including public heckling of the President by the Washington-based activist who calls himself Luke Sissyfag -- has made it seem at times that the AIDS community will never be satisfied with anything the President offers. This, moderate activists figure, has made it easier for the Administration to push AIDS efforts to the back burner.
Groups such as Bross's AIDS Action Council have had to toe a fine line. Even as its allies (including Baker's NAPWA and Shriver's Mobilization Against AIDS) forcefully called for Gebbie's resignation, the AIDS Action Council held back, hoping to influence matters from the inside. In doing so, it had to avoid the risk of splintering an already fragile, marginalized community.
"We have taken some heat within the AIDS community for not calling on her to resign and not being more public about it," Bross said in July. "I tell you, I've spent lots of hours in one-on-one meetings in the White House on the issue. No one else was doing that. It's the appropriate role for an organization like ours to be playing. If I had [backed her resignation] one month ago, I'd have no ability to influence the process."
To one degree or another, every group has grappled with such decisions. "It's always important to keep the pressure on," Levi said. "But I also think as a whole it's been a very difficult transition, and a not entirely successful one. It's very easy to be in opposition, because you can always say that's not good enough. It's very different walking into the Secretary's office" and being asked exactly what should be done.
A case in point, some say, is the firepower many AIDS groups directed at an easy target: Gebbie's office. The battle deflected attention from Clinton's health reform plan, a far more complex issue that promised only delayed dividends, and hampered Gebbie's star-crossed efforts to forge a long-term strategy. If the Gebbie dispute did in fact damage both policy and personal relations, it is one issue for which the AIDS community has itself -- not just Clinton -- to blame.
WHAT'S NEXT?
For a variety of reasons, including the grim reality that many of the early-generation AIDS leaders have died, the influence of the most radical and outspoken activist groups appears to be waning. The shift toward a more moderate public image is welcomed by most Washington-based groups, which, among other things, have come to value their newfound access to the halls of power.
The street activists "were incredibly useful during the Reagan and Bush years," said a longtime activist who asked not to be identified. "They were street actors, creating good graphics and poignancy, making it into a media event when people were ignoring it. It couldn't have been done without these people. But these days the issues are more complex. . . . It's not enough to be angry anymore."
An emerging conflict between these two poles is brewing over a congressional bill named for the late Nobel laureate scientist Barbara McClintock and sponsored by Rep. Jerrold Nadler, D-N.Y. The legislation, which would pour huge amounts of money into AIDS research, has been eagerly received by traditional "street" groups but privately derided by leaders of many Washington-based AIDS organizations as a misguided effort to legislate a cure.
"McClintock has a lot of support in the community because people need hope," said a leading AIDS activist who opposes the bill. "I was in New York recently, and on the street somebody asked me to sign a card in support of the bill. I said no. The woman said, I guess you don't want a cure for AIDS.' I said, No, that's not what I said.' . . . We have to grow up and not look at things in simple black-and-white terms."
Another, more ominous, development within the interest group community is the emerging demographics of the disease -- a slow yet inexorable shift away from affluent, gay white males to poorer minorities, drug-users and prostitutes. Some activists fear that the shift toward such broadly unsympathetic patients promises to make an already uphill battle that much more difficult.
A similarly dire trend is that the newest AIDS patients seem to be younger than ever. David Rosenstein, who chairs the department of public health dentistry at the Oregon Health Sciences University, also practices in an all-HIV-positive clinic that serves about 1,000 patients.
"When I was in my 30s, my patients were in their 40s," Rosenstein said in an interview. "I'm in my 40s now, and they're in their early 20s."
Among AIDS interest groups, in fact, it's clear that fatigue is already setting in. "No organization really planned to be around as long as they have been, let alone to think that our existence would be a chronic condition, just like AIDS," Levi said. "It's very troubling."
Clinton has not yet named a replacement for Gebbie, and activists say that they are in the dark about potential successors. Derek Hodel, the director of federal affairs at the Gay Men's Health Crisis in New York City, said he suspects that the White House installed Fleming as acting coordinator to give it "a couple months' breathing time" and to avoid the embarrassment of a leaderless AIDS office during this month's international AIDS conference in Yokohama, Japan.
Most activists agree that whoever fills Gebbie's shoes will find the job equally difficult unless major changes are made in the office's design and mission. "Being the first of anything," Gebbie said, "is always a bizarre experience because you have no clear road map."
NAPWA's Baker suggests a small, "dynamic working group" that operates tightly out of the White House. Bross also said that a small office with a staff of four or five is better and suggests that the Council of Economic Advisers would be a better model than the Office of National Drug Control Policy, whose director is widely known as the "drug czar."
"It's easy to be trapped in the Washington political framework -- who's on top, what got more money," Baker said. "But it's all irrelevant at the end of the day if somebody is dying of AIDS."

Graphic

 
Picture 1, Kristine M. Gebbie, who recently resigned under fire as National AIDS Policy Coordinator.  "Being the first . . . is always a bizarre experience because you have no clear road map.", Susan M. Muniak; Picture 2, Cornelius Baker, an AIDS activist.  "That's not the level of the game we need to be at.", John Eisele; Picture 3, Mike Shriver, the director of Mobilization Against AIDS.  Clinton "said the right things.  But he just hasn't delivered.", Richard A. Bloom; Picture 4, Health care consultant Jeffrey A. Levi.  "It's always important to keep the pressure on.", John Eisele.

Load-Date: August 26, 1994


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Numbers Down



AIDS Numbers Down
NPR All Things Considered ALL THINGS CONSIDERED (NPR 8:00 pm ET)
SEPTEMBER 19, 1997, FRIDAY9:40 pm ET


Copyright 1997 National Public Radio (R) All Rights Reserved
Section: News; Domestic; INTERVIEW
Length: 862 words
Byline: Liane Hansen, Washington, DC; Linda Wertheimer, Washington
Guests: Andrew Moss
Highlight: Linda talks with Andrew Moss, a professor of Epidemiology a the University of California in San Francisco.  They discuss the report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta that was published today in the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report. The paper says that the number of Americans diagnosed with AIDS has declined.
Body


LINDA WERTHEIMER, HOST: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta have reported that the incidence of AIDS is down, comparing 1996 numbers with 1995, and so are the numbers of deaths from AIDS.  The largest decline is among gay men, even including gay men who use intravenous drugs.
 
 We called Andrew Moss, who is professor of Epidemiology at the University of California in San Francisco, to talk about these numbers, and why there seems to be some progress in checking the incidence of AIDS.
 
 Doctor Moss, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention suggest that the decrease in deaths is probably attributable to the use of a series of anti-retroviral therapies, the so-called "cocktail of drugs" now given to persons with HIV.  Does that sound right to you?
ANDREW MOSS, PROFESSOR OF EPIDEMIOLOGY, UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AT SAN FRANCISCO: Yeah, I think that's true.  I think we're actually seeing a treatment effect.
 
 WERTHEIMER: Well, the deaths have been declining for several years, although these numbers are the best so far.  But in the last year, there was a substantial decline among most groups in the affected population for the AIDS incidence, what is called the opportunistic illness.  Could you just explain how that works, what that means?
 
 MOSS: Yeah, opportunistic infections -- what really defines getting AIDS, clinical illness as opposed to being infected with HIV, the virus, is usually getting one of these bad opportunistic infections, like tuberculosis or pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (ph).
 
 And that's what people get sick from and that's what makes for clinical AIDS.  And the CDC is reporting a big decline in people getting sick from AIDS, and also a big decline in deaths.
 
 And, two things are going on here.  AIDS and AIDS deaths are going down, as a result of big changes in behavior, 10 or more years ago, that changed the AIDS infection rate, and that finally led to a turndown in AIDS deaths.  And that has, indeed, happened in most of the country.
 
 But on top of that, we're seeing a really sharp effect, that is the result of people being put on, really, the first generation of successful AIDS therapies.
 
 WERTHEIMER: And what those therapies do is just hold people at the infected state, that they don't move on.
 
 MOSS: They hold people, that's right.  And it's important for everybody to acknowledge that they don't hold people for very long.  I feel a little like the two-handed epidemiologist, you know.
 
 On the one hand we're seeing a very sharp decline in deaths and AIDS infections; but on the other hand it's important to realize that we're going to see a limited effect.
 
 We're going to see an effect that maybe averages one or two years, because there's a big problem with the development of resistance to these drugs.  We ought to remember there's going to be a bounce back from this big decline.  This big decline in AIDS deaths is not going to go on for a long time.
 
 WERTHEIMER: The clearest progress can be seen among gay men, although AIDS-related illnesses are also down among drug users.  Can you explain why those groups…
 
 MOSS: What's really interesting is that we are seeing some decline in both deaths and infections in drug users as well as in gay men.  And what people have always thought about the AIDS epidemic is that there's a big population of gay men -- maybe half the total AIDS epidemic -- who are mostly people with medical insurance and access to services.
 
 And they do well when there are new therapies coming along.  And people who are basically poorer -- drug users are basically poorer than gay men in America -- and also the heterosexual transmission AIDS cases -- who are probably the poorest of all -- do worse.
 
 And I think people are rather pleased, in this case, that you do see turndowns amongst intravenous drug users.  And it's worth thinking about what's happening there.  I mean, I think there has been a big effort in the AIDS epidemic to try to be even handed and to try to make things available to drug users.  And it's finally beginning to pay off.  We are seeing some results.
 
 But, if you look at the final category -- the heterosexual transmission category -- what you see is that these benefits in AIDS mortality are not being seen.  And that's because those are the poorest of the poor.
 
 They tend to be black and Hispanic, big city poor people.  And they don't seem to be getting access to protease inhibitors.  And it's a small group, but it's a worrying group.
 
 WERTHEIMER: Well thank you very much, Dr. Moss.
 
 MOSS: You're welcome.
 
 WERTHEIMER: Andrew Moss is professor of Epidemiology at the University of California in San Francisco.  We reached him at his office there.
 
No quotes from the materials contained herein may be used in any media without attribution to National Public Radio, Inc. This transcript may not be be reproduced in whole or in part without prior written permission. For further information please contact NPR's Office of the General Counsel at (202) 414-2040.

Load-Date: September 22, 1997


End of Document
Page  of AIDS-Athletes



AIDS-Athletes
February 12, 1996, Monday, BC cycle


Copyright 1996 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved  The Associated Press
Section: Sports News
Length: 527 words
Byline: By The Associated Press
Body


A list of prominent athletes who have died of AIDS or been identified as HIV positive. The dates refer to either the athlete's death or the disclosure of his HIV positive test.
 
 AIDS Deaths
Oct. 15, 1986 - Jerry Smith, 43, tight end with the Washington Redskins from 1965-77, died of an infection known as cytomegalovirus, a complication of AIDS.
July 11, 1987 - Thomas Waddell, 49, a decathlete who competed for the United States in the 1968 Olympics at Mexico City, died of complications related to AIDS.
May 12, 1989 - Esteban DeJesus, 37, former WBC lightweight boxing champion, died after acquiring AIDS during the early 1980s while serving a life sentence in prison for the fatal shooting of a teen-ager in 1981.
Aug. 16, 1989 - Tim Richmond, 34, stock car racer, contracted AIDS from an unknown woman and died of complications caused by the disease.
Jan. 6, 1991 - Alan Wiggins, 32, baseball player with the San Diego Padres and Baltimore Orioles, died of complications caused by AIDS. Wiggins' career was also checkered by cocaine use.
Feb. 6, 1993 - Arthur Ashe, 49, a champion tennis player and crusader of human rights and AIDS research, died of AIDS-related pneumonia.
April 3, 1994 - Chad Kinch, 35, who played in the Final Four for North Carolina-Charlotte in 1977 and was a No. 1 draft pick of the Cleveland Cavaliers, died of AIDS.
April 15, 1994 - John Curry, 44, former Olympic and world champion figure skater whose artistry on ice revolutionized figure skating, died from an AIDS-related illness. The English skater won the European and world championships and the gold medal at the 1976 Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria.
May 30, 1995 - Glenn Burke, 42, a Los Angeles Dodgers and Oakland Athletics outfielder who says he was blackballed from baseball for being gay, died of AIDS-related complications.
---
HIV Positive
Nov. 7, 1991 - Magic Johnson, who helped the Los Angeles Lakers to five NBA championships, announced he had tested positive for the AIDS virus and was retiring. In September 1992, he announced his comeback and retired again in November. Named coach of the Lakers in March of 1994 and finished with a 5-11 record as coach. At age 36, Johnson signed a contract on Jan. 29, 1996 with the Los Angeles Lakers and returned Jan. 30 against Golden State.
Feb. 13, 1995 - Bill Goldsworthy, 50, a 14-year NHL veteran and one of the original Minnesota North Stars, announced he had AIDS. Goldsworthy played with Minnesota from its first season in 1967 until 1977. He also played for the Boston Bruins and the New York Rangers.
Feb. 22, 1995 - Greg Louganis, the only man to sweep diving gold medals in consecutive Olympics, revealed he was HIV positive when he hit his head in the 1988 Seoul Games and bled into the pool. Louganis, 35, said he tested positive just before the Seoul Games, where he won the springboard and platform gold medals, duplicating his 1984 sweep in Los Angles.
Feb. 10, 1995 - Heavyweight Tommy Morrison, 27, was suspended by the Nevada boxing authorities before his scheduled bout with Arthur Weathers. On Feb. 12, Morrison's promoter, Tony Holden, confirmed a test administered in Las Vegas last week came back HIV positive.

Load-Date: February 13, 1996


End of Document
Page  of WALK FOR AIDS



WALK FOR AIDS
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)
June 1, 1999, Tuesday,
SOONER EDITION


Copyright 1999 P.G. Publishing Co.
Section: HEALTH,
Length: 224 words
Byline: ELLEN MAZO, POST-GAZETTE STAFF WRITER
Body


Five years ago, the Pittsburgh AIDS Task Force sponsored its first AIDS WALK fund-raiser with 1,300 participants who raised $ 175,000 in pledges. This year's five-mile event, which begins at 11 a.m. Sunday on Flagstaff Hill in Schenley Park, is expected to attract at least 3,000 walkers who are expected to bring in $ 205,000.
Founded in 1985, the task force provides sup port services to those who have an HIV infection or have AIDS.
The proceeds from the annual walk, which to date has raised $ 805,000, are used to benefit a variety of services: HIV testing, professional case management, legal services, a food pantry and a buddy program for patients.
The services, which are provided in 11 counties in southwestern Pennsylvania, also include education programs and prevention work, said spokeswoman Tammy Frech.
One particularly popular program is the speakers' bureau, with HIV/AIDS patients describing how they deal with the disease.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates there are 21,000 people in this region who are either HIV positive or have AIDS, with more than 1,740 cases in Allegheny County.
 
While gay and bisexual men are considered to be the most likely to become infected by the AIDS virus, heterosexual women and gay teens now account for the fastest-growing rates of HIV infection in the United States.
COVER STORY

Load-Date: June 2, 1999


End of Document
Page  of AIDS-Death



AIDS-Death
The Canadian Press (CP)
May 17, 1993 Monday


Copyright 1993 Press News Limited, All Rights Reserved
Section: QUEBEC-ONTARIO REGIONAL GENERAL NEWS
Length: 283 words
Body

LQQ
 LONDON, Ont. (CP) - Kim Newman used to insist she was living with AIDS, not dying from it. But last weekend the disease took the life of the 32-year-old mother and AIDS activist.
On Sunday, a day after her death, a planned walkathon to raise funds for AIDS care and education was dedicated to her memory. It attracted about 350 participants in this southwestern Ontario city and raised about $30,000. "Kim was one of those truly heroic people,'' says Mike Sauer, acting executive director of the AIDS Committee of London. "She had a pride and strength that comes from living life at a time of great trial.'' Her death will shed some light on the virus and dispel some of the ignorance, says her husband, Rob Newman. Rob Newman, 31, along with the couple's children, Robby, 4, and Tommy, 3, have contracted the human immuno-deficiency virus believed to cause AIDS, but have not yet developed AIDS. The Newmans contracted the virus through unprotected sex with other partners before their marriage, but don't know which of them was infected first. Kim Newman's doctor, Iain Mackie, director of the HIV care program at St. Joseph's Health Centre, says her most important contribution was spreading the message that it's not just gay men who get AIDS. Despite health problems, the Newmans gave up to four speaking engagements each week at local schools. The family has been living with the disease for more than two years, since Kim was diagnosed. Robby was infected in the womb or through breast-feeding, while Tommy caught the virus in the womb. Robby is the sickest of the children and has virtually no immunities. The family has helped set up the Robby Care Fund to fund AIDS research for children.

Load-Date: October 13, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Workers Battle to Educate Hispanics About AIDS



AIDS Workers Battle to Educate Hispanics About AIDS
The Associated Press
April 6, 1993, Tuesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1993 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 980 words
Byline: By ANITA SNOW, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


Guillermo Garcia spends his Sunday nights among the Latin-American men sipping beer and listening to female impersonators croon Spanish love songs in the gay bars of Jackson Heights.
Armed with Spanish-language brochures and condoms, the 29-year-old Venezuelan quietly tells men from Colombia, from Argentina, from Cuba about the dangers of unprotected sex, and of SIDA - the Spanish acrynom for AIDS.
Elsewhere in the city, health workers drive a Winnebago into drug-ravaged neighborhoods to give immigrants from Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic condoms and bleach kits for sterilizing needles.
And on the West Coast, in Ventura County, Calif., Roberto Rojas carries condoms and the message of safe sex to the dusty camps of Mexican farm workers.
These are some of the front-line warriors in the battle to educate Spanish speakers in the United States about a disease claiming more Hispanics each year.
Officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta estimate that there are thousands of AIDS educators like Garcia and Rojas across the country who travel into urban barrios, suburban neighborhoods and migrant farm camps where Hispanics live.
"For them, it is a labor of love to get the word out, to reach these hard- to-reach people," said Bill Parra, deputy director of the CDC's Office of HIV-AIDS. "As far as I am concerned, they are heroes."
Spanish-language public service TV, radio and newspaper announcements are designed to reach a big chunk of the nation's 24 million Hispanics. But the outreach workers focus on those most at risk - immigrants who know little about the virus, people who use intravenous drugs, men who have sex with men.
"It really is a battle," said Garcia, an educator with the Hispanic AIDS Forum, a nonprofit agency in New York that has a staff of 40 and operates on an annual budget of $ 2 million.
"I don't want to keep seeing my people die," he said.
While the number of new AIDS cases among many U.S. groups has leveled off, the disease continues to spread among Hispanics, jumping from 4,816 new cases of full-blown AIDS in 1990 to 8,285 new cases last year, according to the CDC.
By the end of 1992, 41,172 Hispanics in the United States - or about 16 percent of the people known to have AIDS nationwide - had been diagnosed with the disease, it said.
In New York City alone, 12,724 Hispanics had been diagnosed with AIDS by the end of 1992, or about 31 percent of all Hispanics with AIDS in this country.
The outreach workers face tremendous barriers in educating Hispanics, and in helping them change risky behavior.
Many Hispanics, especially recent immigrants, do not know English or do not know it well. And many of the immigrants are poor and do not have access to adequate health care or information.
But the most daunting barrier may be cultural, AIDS education workers say.
The chief victims of AIDS in the United States have been homosexual men and intravenous drug users. AIDS workers recommend abstinence, monogamy or the use of latex condoms to guard against sexual transmission of the virus, and that needles or syringes be used only once or sterilized with bleach to bar against intravenous transmission.
Sex remains a taboo subject for many Hispanics, said Rojas, a health educator for Clinicas del Camino Real, a group of nonprofit public medical clinics in Ventura County.
Most Hispanics grew up as members of the Roman Catholic Church, which insists upon abstinence for single people and fidelity within marriage.
"Of course, we know that in the real world it's different," Rojas said. "There is a lot of promiscuity among some of these men."
The church also prohibits use of artificial birth control methods, including condoms.
"These men are not accustomed to using family planning," Rojas said of the migrants he works with. "And it's hard to convince them to use condoms."
Machismo - traditional male dominance - is another problem.
In a macho world, homosexuality is frowned upon. Thus, many Hispanic men who have sex with other men insist that they are not gay as long as they are the dominant partner.
"The one in the passive position is considered the gay person; the dominant partner is the macho," Rojas said. "The problem is that our men do not realize that even though they are doing the penetrating, they are at risk."
Bisexual activity - either among themselves or with male prostitutes - is common among workers who leave wives or girlfriends behind in Mexico to follow the crops in the United States, said Rojas. Sex with female prostitutes also is common, he said.
And if male dominance is a problem in trying to get people to change their behavior, so is female submissiveness.
"If a woman insists that the man use a condom, he could start accusing her of things," Rojas said. "Like, 'Where have you been? What have you done?"'
Such macho indignation was the focus of the first installment of the saga of Julio and Marisol, a couple whose dilemma over safe sex is told comic strip-style, in both Spanish and English, in New York City's subways.
"Julio and Marisol's Decision" is part of the New York City Health Department's AIDS awareness campaign targeting Hispanics.
In the first installment, Julio storms out after a weeping Marisol refuses to have sex without a condom. "I love you, but not enough to die for you," she says.
Miguelina Maldonado, Hispanic AIDS Forum's executive director, said such education campaigns are helpful, "but they don't address the skills needed to carry out risk-reduction behavior."
Along with visits to gay bars and to New York's drug-devastated South Bronx, the forum teaches Hispanic women how to insist on safe sex.
Through "De Mujer a Mujer (Woman to Woman)," the women meet weekly for four to six weeks.
"We attempt to help the women develop a support group and learn how to protect themselves," Maldonado said. "Our approach, in all our programs, is to teach empowerment."


End of Document
Page  of Ethnic AIDS dilemma



Ethnic AIDS dilemma
SOUTHERN NEWS
March 28, 1996, Thursday


Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 249 words
Body


A $56,000 one-year project to address
the AIDS problem among ethnic
men will be launched at South
Brisbane next Tuesday.
A joint report by the Queensland Aids
Council and the Ethnic Communities
Council of Queensland last year found
that since the start of AIDS education in
Queensland, there has been no specific
program addressing the problem among
gay men from non-English speaking
backgrounds.
It has been estimated that as many as
20 per cent of AIDS cases involve men
from these backgrounds.
In Queensland as at August 1994,
there were 1771 diagnoses of HIV
infection and 417 deaths following AIDS.
According to the report, there is a
large gay community comprising men
from non-English speaking backgrounds
in south east Queensland.
Unsafe sex is still being practised
and a large number of men are still not
being tested for HIV.
The report also stated that HIV/AIDS
prevention strategies had so far failed
to make a significant impact on this
community.
Sexual health program coordinator at
EECQ, Malathi Kanagasabapathy said
ethnic gay men had been reluctant to
use mainstream facilities.
"If they find it difficult to express
themselves because of language prob
lems, they are likely to talk themselves
out of going," she said.
Another problem was that strong
religious affiliations also often prevented
the men from identifying themselves,
Ms Kanagasabapathy said.
The new project will be based at the
Queensland Aids Council, Peel St, South
Brisbane.
                                                                                

Load-Date: March 9, 2002


End of Document
Page  of Lesbian AIDS



Lesbian AIDS
City News Service
February 3, 1997, Monday


Copyright 1997 City News Service, Inc.
No City News Service material may be republished without the express written permission of City News Service, Inc.
Length: 324 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Although as a group lesbians face a low risk of HIV infection, younger lesbians and bisexual women may face a greater danger due
 to experimenting sexually with men, a UCLA psychologist said today.
The risk of female-to-female transmission of AIDS appears to be small, according to research published in a special edition of the journal Women's
 Health, Vickie Mays said.
But the UCLA researchers and others who conducted the study found that judging lesbians' risk for HIV infection solely by their contact with women
 ignores certain other factors, Mays said.
LESBIANAIDS
She said the report found some lesbians may use intravenous drugs and have sexual relations with men, often young gay men.
Susan Cochran, a UCLA public health epidemiologist who headed the study, said the good news is our research suggests that, as generally believed,
 most lesbians do not face a high risk of HIV infection.''
 However, there is a smaller group of lesbians, who tend to be young and may still be unsure about their sexuality, who engage in activities
 that may put them at risk,'' Cochran said.
According to the study, younger lesbians and bisexual women may sexually experiment with men -- including young gay and bisexual males -- who are among
 those most at risk for AIDS, Cochran said.
 One basic fact is that most lesbians have sex with men at some point in their lives, usually early in their lives when they may be unsure about
 their sexuality,'' Cochran said.  The partners tend to be people they
 socialize with, who are often young gay men.''
She said the study shows there needs to be HIV risk-reduction efforts to reach the young lesbians who may be most at risk.
 What we don't know is the best way to target these young lesbians for educational programs,'' Cochran said.  
 Issues relating to lesbians and HIV risk have not been addressed by research thus far,'' said Cochran.  The problem for women in the community
 is that silence is not reassuring.''
      


Notes

Warren Robak of UCLA is at (310) 206-1960.

Load-Date: February 4, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Damaging AIDS agenda



Damaging AIDS agenda
THE AUSTRALIAN
September 8, 1995 Friday 0 Edition


Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 204 words
Body


WE are now being told that the heterosexual community is not at risk from AIDS and that the AIDS prevention campaign for gay men is a failure.Anyone who says the heterosexual population is out of danger is mad and the reason AIDS is spreading in the gay community is the people running the AIDS programs.
The first requirement for turning the tide against AIDS is that the home testing kit for AIDS should be made legal. This would give us a powerful new weapon with which to fight the disease.The second is that every person who dies in Australia should be tested for AIDS. This would give us a comprehensive perspective of where the disease is and disclose how true is the assertion that AIDS is not infecting heterosexuals.Most importantly, the Federal Opposition should cease its gentlemen's agreement not to question AIDS programs. The Opposition is being conned. The leftwing political gurus running the AIDS programs have a human rights agenda designed to protect those with the disease, not a public health perspective designed to help those uninfected.By themselves, these three proposals will not stop the AIDS epidemic - but they would represent a very good start in the right direction.PAUL DEXTER Summer Hill, NSW

Load-Date: October 1, 2003


End of Document
Page  of AIDS MESSAGE



AIDS MESSAGE
Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, WI)
August 20, 1992, Thursday,
ALL EDITIONS


Copyright 1992 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
Section: Front
Length: 674 words
Dateline: HOUSTON
Body


The sensitive issue of AIDS quieted the Republican National Convention on Wednesday night.
Mary Fisher, a woman infected with the AIDS virus, told her story to the GOP gathering, addressing a political party that has been criticized as being slow to wake up to the health crisis.
At their national convention last month, Democrats featured Elizabeth Glaser and Bob Hattoy, two speakers infected with the AIDS virus.
''In the context of an election year, I ask you - here in this great hall, or listening in the quiet of your home - to recognize that the AIDS virus is not a political creature. It does not care whether you are Democrat or Republican,'' said Fisher, 44, a white mother of two.
By Jeff Mayers  Wisconsin State Journal
''It does not ask whether you are black or white, male or female, gay or straight, young or old.''
Fisher - whose 84-year-old father, Max Fisher, is a Jewish millionaire from Michigan and a longtime Republican insider and friend of Gerald Ford - stressed awareness and compassion, a message welcomed by an AIDS activist in Madison.
''She's one of my new heroines,'' said Earl Bricker, the former executive director of the Madison AIDS Support Network, calling it a ''message people need to hear.''
Bricker said his fear had been that the speaker wouldn't get past the politics and stereotypes and would deliver a muted message. But Fisher broke through that wall, getting a warm standing ovation from delegates.
''The lesson history teaches is this: If you believe you are safe, you are at risk. If you do not see this killer stalking your children, look again,'' said Fisher, who learned about a year ago that she had contracted the AIDS virus from her ex-husband.
''There is no family or community, no race or religion, no place left in America that is safe. Until we genuinely embrace this message, we are a nation at risk.''
In a call for compassion, she said: ''To the millions who are strong, I issue the plea: Set aside prejudice and politics to make room for compassion and sound policy.''
Her message was in sharp contrast to the gay-bashing rhetoric of conservative columnist-turned-politician Pat Buchanan, who did not mention the AIDS epidemic. While Buchanan spoke Monday night, members of ACT-UP - the confrontational AIDS activist group - clashed with police outside the Astrodome.
''We may take refuge in our stereotypes, but we cannot hide there long,'' Fisher said without applying blame by name. ''Because HIV asks only one thing of those it attacks: Are you human?''
She defended President and Barbara Bush despite criticism that the Bush administration hasn't done enough to fight the epidemic.
''My call to you, my party, is to take a public stand no less compassionate than that of President and Mrs. Bush,'' she said on ''family values'' night.
''With the president's leadership, much good has been done. Much of the good has gone unheralded. As the president has insisted, 'Much remains to be done.' But we do the president's cause no good if we praise the American family but ignore a virus that destroys it.''
Wisconsin Health and Social Services Secretary Gerald Whitburn conceded that the Bush administration has a problem in communicating its sensitivity, but avoided saying whether the president has done enough.
Whitburn said the AIDS problem is growing in Wisconsin among women, heterosexuals and children. The state records about 20 new cases of AIDS per month and about 20 deaths each month.
''I think the (Bush) administration needs to improve its ability to communicate what it's doing in this area,'' he said, adding the administration is facing an unprecedented challenge. ''I think it's appropriate for the Bush administration to step up the demonstration of its sensitivity.''
Bricker, now working on another AIDS project, said the Bush administration hasn't done enough and could learn something from Gov. Tommy Thompson's administration.
''The state has been great - even Tommy Thompson,'' he said. ''He hasn't initiated, but he hasn't blocked anything either. He's been very responsive.''

Graphic

 
Associated Press Blue Jays hitter Manuel Lee falls after fouling a ball of

Load-Date: July 20, 1995


End of Document
Page  of JAPAN -AIDS: GRADUALLY FACING UP TO AIDS NIGHTMARE



JAPAN-AIDS: GRADUALLY FACING UP TO AIDS NIGHTMARE
IPS-Inter Press Service
August 3, 1994, Wednesday


Copyright 1994 IPS-Inter Press Service/Global Information Network
Length: 726 words
Byline: By Suvendrini Kakuchi
Dateline: TOKYO, August 3
Body


Toshihiro Oishi has spent the past three years fighting to end discrimination against HIV-infected persons in Japan, and next week's international AIDS conference in Tokyo may be the big break he has been waiting for.
Since acquiring the AIDS-causing virus in 1991, the 25-year-old gay activist has been working as counsellor for HIV patients and campaigning for a chance to lead a normal life in conservative Japanese society.
Oishi welcomes Japan's decision to host the 10th International AIDS Conference next week, which he hopes will help break down prejudices and prompt the government to take action on the killer disease.
"After years of what looked like a hopeless battle, I am now working with the authorities we used to criticize to make Japan a better place for people with HIV," he says.
The decision by the Health and Welfare Ministry to pressure Tokyo hotels to accept HIV patients attending the conference is considered a major breakthrough in AIDS consciousness in Japan.
Another landmark has been the granting of visas to former sex workers who want to participate in the international AIDS meeting, the first to be held in Asia.
Even normally sedate politicians have contributed to preparations for the big meeting. Former Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata donned a cowboy hat and sang a Western song during a show organized in May to raise $13 million for the conference.
"This is the first time we have dealt with AIDS so openly on such a broad international scale," says Naoko Yamamoto, a senior government official.
Only four AIDS patients have come out in the open in Japan since the first case was diagnosed in 1986. Many fear rejection and isolation by a society that has yet to accept AIDS as a local problem.
"In Japan, AIDS is still considered a foreigner's disease. The stigma is too heavy to bear," says Sasashiro Minami, a gay activist who organized Hands on Hands, a group of volunteers who offer counselling to homosexuals.
HIV-infected persons have been expelled from schools, refused jobs and denied fair treatment at hospitals. Only 17 percent of hospitals in Tokyo provide care for HIV patients.
Minami explains this is partly because Japan has a relatively low infection rate -- 3,200 cases of HIV were reported as of April this year, compared to the United States where tens of thousands have tested positive for the virus.
"When only a few hundred people are affected, the government can turn a blind eye to the problem," he says.
But doctors and activists say the actual number of infections could be 10 times higher, with many cases left unreported. Last year more than half the HIV cases involved foreigners living in Japan. Today the bulk of HIV carriers are Japanese.
The Health and Welfare Ministry predicts the figure will shoot up to 26,000 in about three years. Cases involving women, who now account for about a quarter of HIV infections in Japan, are expected to triple during the same period.
Oishi says going public was the most important decision he has made in his life -- one which he hopes has contributed to raising AIDS awareness in the country and will encourage more people to come out.
"The publicity will force the government to speed up support systems for infected people, which is our main need right now," says Oishi.
More than 10,000 people are expected to attend the AIDS conference which will focus on the spread of the AIDS epidemic in Asia, the vulnerability of women who have been infected, and medical cooperation to control the deadly disease.
Hemophiliacs, who form the majority of HIV patients in Japan, have launched their own campaign for recognition during the conference. They were infected through contaminated blood imported from the United States.
"I am worried that the conference will focus on sexually transmitted AIDS and ignore the rights of infected hemophiliacs," says Mashito Ikegami, a member of the Japan HIV Center.
The government has taken a low-key stance on calls by hemophiliacs to get doctors who administered them contaminated blood to take responsibility for their infection.
In 1993, doctors continued giving unheated blood-clotting agents made from blood imported from the United States, despite the AIDS scare.
Similar incidents have been reported in Europe. Ikegami says the problem should be discussed at the conference to ensure the protection of hemophiliacs around the world.

Load-Date: August 4, 1994


End of Document
Page  of AIDS 'second wave'



AIDS 'second wave'
THE DAILY TELEGRAPH MIRROR
September 28, 1995 Thursday


Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 409 words
Byline: KIM SWEETMAN
Body


AUSTRALIA could avoid the "second wave" of AIDS infections but needed to do more to prevent its movement through the gay community, an international expert said yesterday.Chief health adviser to the World Bank Professor Richard Feachem said efforts to stop the disease must be concentrated on gay men and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.He said Australia had one of the world's most successful programs for preventing the spread of HIV.In the first major review of the national HIV-AIDS prevention strategy, Professor Feachem said 500 Australians would contract HIV this year.Of those, the vast majority would be gay men.About 40 new cases would involve women, 80 per cent of whom would contract the virus through heterosexual contact.About 390 of the 460 expected cases among men would result from homosexual contact.Despite more than a decade of AIDS education, more gay men are having unprotected sex than four years ago.But HIV transmission from other high risk activities, such as intravenous drug use, has declined.In 1984, more than 90 per cent of drug users shared needles and syringes. That number has now fallen to less than 10 per cent in most States.Condom use is far more common than a decade ago, when fewer than one in 10 men used them.Almost a third of men aged 16 to 34 use condoms, but only 13 per cent of those aged over 35 take the same precaution."
Australia can be proud of its efforts in controlling the spread of HIV-AIDS and in developing services to provide care and support for people living with HIV-AIDS," Professor Feachem said in the report."However there can be no room for complacency. HIVAIDS is a new disease and despite enormous advances in knowledge in the past decade, it is still inadequately understood." Professor Feachem said Australia could avoid the predicted "second wave" of AIDS over the next decade if efforts to reach high-risk groups were increased.By the end of 1995 about 16,500 Australians will be HIV positive, with 65 per cent living in Sydney or NSW.Health Minister Carmen Lawrence said the third stage of the national education and prevention strategy strategy, to begin in June 1996, would concentrate on the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander community and gay men.Prime Minister Paul Keating said Australians should not lose their resolve in tackling HIV-AIDS." It is clear to the Government that there remains an overwhelming need for a national HIV-AIDS strategy," Mr Keating said.

Load-Date: October 1, 2003


End of Document
Page  of AIDS-Aboriginals



AIDS-Aboriginals

The Canadian Press (CP)
March 19, 1994 Saturday


Copyright 1994 Press News Limited, All Rights Reserved
Section: NATIONAL GENERAL NEWS
Length: 410 words
Body

OTTAWA (CP) - The spread of AIDS in aboriginal communities continues to grow at an alarming rate, new statistics from the Health Department suggest. A trend chart, released by department officials this week at a native conference, shows the annual incidence of the disease increasing towards epidemic proportions. "The situation in aboriginal communities is reminiscent of the gay community about 10 years ago,'' said Dr. Jay Wortman, a consultant on AIDS with the Indian and northern health services branch of the department. "The conditions are favorable to the spreading of the virus.'' The country's aboriginal population is considered a high-risk group for many reasons, including low awareness of the disease and the lack of preventive measures during sex. The study was presented to the Indian round table on AIDs, which met at an Ottawa hotel for two days last week. Wortman said the reported cases of AIDS in native communities, estimated at about 25 in 1993, are considered "fossil records'' of the presence of the human immunodeficiency virus, which is linked AIDS. He said testing for the virus in native communities is rare, even though certain factors suggest more testing should be done. -
Rates of sexually transmitted diseases are three times greater for aboriginal people. -
The rate of teen pregnancies is about 25 per cent, indicating sexually active youth. -
Alcohol, drug and solvent abuse is prevalent on many reserves and is linked to the high rate - 33 per cent of all Indian deaths - of injury and poison-related deaths in native communities. An Ontario study released in 1993 found that AIDS could be easily spread through remote, northern communities. It estimated the rate of infection could already be five times higher than in the rest of the country. Laurie McLeod, an AIDS and health officer with the Assembly of First Nations, describes the situation as "desperate.'' She said access to testing for the virus is limited because of the isolation of the communities. "In many cases, the health services are not reaching our communities and when it is, it is not relevant, appropriate or culturally specific,'' said McLeod. McLeod said some people receive the results of their tests over the telephone. One Indian man on an Ontario reserve who had tested positive recently committed suicide because of the lack of a support network. Shelley Anderson, a Dene from the Northwest Territories, said many of the communities are "in denial.''

Load-Date: October 13, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS IN ISRAEL



AIDS IN ISRAEL
The Jerusalem Post
March 7, 1995, Tuesday


Copyright 1995 The Jerusalem Post
Section: OPINION; Pg. 6
Length: 470 words
Byline: Ari Brown
Highlight: Readers' Letters
Body


 Sir, - I am writing in response to the article concerning AIDS of January 23, reprinted from Newsday.  I do not doubt the accuracy of Gabriel Rotello's assertion that the "de-gaying" of AIDS in the US has shifted emphasis away from the homosexual community in which the disease is still most prevalent.  The author presents a strong argument for legitimate concern.
But while it may be true that the emphasis on AIDS prevention has effectively shifted away from the homosexual community in major American cities, this is not the case in Israel.
 In this country AIDS continues to be viewed as a "gay" disease with rare cases among heterosexuals.  This is a gross misconception.  In Israel 1,235 people are reported as being HIV positive according to the Ministry of Health.  Of these, 39.9 percent are heterosexual - a figure that presents a drastic rise in this sector of our society over the past four years.
 While AIDS is, as yet, an incurable disease, it is preventable.  Today, AIDS is transmitted almost exclusively through unprotected sexual practice or through the sharing of intravenous needles.  In both cases responsible behavior can protect a person, gay or straight, from becoming infected.
 The Association for AIDS Prevention in Israel operates on the premise that a new set of social norms among sexually active Israelis is called for in light of the AIDS epidemic.  The association therefore sends educators to high schools, army bases and prisons around the country to deliver information on HIV/AIDS, the nature of the virus and how it is transmitted, and to conduct frank discussions about safe sex.
 One of the foremost misconceptions lecturers continually have to overcome is "that AIDS is a gay disease that does not threaten heterosexuals." Consequently, many heterosexuals feel immune to AIDS and do not consider it necessary to practice safe sex.  The eradication of this erroneous belief is of great importance to all those who are trying to prevent AIDS in Israel from becoming the widespread epidemic it is in the rest of the world.
 Although Israel may lie a decade behind North America and Western Europe in the number of people who have contracted HIV/AIDS, this country is also equally behind in awareness concerning the disease.
 In New York, where AIDS awareness is high, Mr. Rotello's article may be appropriate.  It suggests a step back to a readership that has recently taken two steps forward.  However, here in Israel, where we have yet to complete our first step towards AIDS awareness and prevention, your decision to print such an article without any sort of balancing opinion and may have damaged the cause of AIDS prevention among Israelis.
 ARI BROWN, Director of Public Relations, The Association for AIDS Prevention in Israel, Jerusalem.

Load-Date: March 7, 1995


End of Document
Page  of STUDY: GAY TEENS RISKING AIDS



STUDY: GAY TEENS RISKING AIDS
 Philadelphia Daily News
August 9, 1994 Tuesday PM EDITION


Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC  All Rights Reserved


Section: NATIONAL; Pg. 33
Length: 273 words
Byline: Associated Press
Dateline: CHICAGO
Body


Many gay and bisexual teens know plenty about AIDS and still don't protect themselves against the disease, a new study indicates.
"The United States cannot afford to be complacent about AIDS prevention for this population of young gay and bisexual men," said the author of one of the studies, Dr. Gary Remafedi, director of Youth and AIDS Projects at the University of Minnesota.
His survey from Minnesota, released yesterday, found that gay and bisexual youths there were knowledgeable about the AIDS virus, but 63 percent were at "extreme risk" of having been exposed to HIV because they had had unsafe sex or had shared needles.
The survey of teens and young adults ages 13-21 from urban and rural areas was published in this month's issue of Pediatrics.
In the Minnesota study, subjects scored an average of 91 percent on a 30- question test measuring general AIDS knowledge. In addition, 93 percent of those surveyed knew about the HIV antibody test, and subjects generally were able to rate correctly the relative risk of various sexual acts and knew that all are riskier without condoms, researchers found.
Wayne Steward, a 19-year-old gay college student, said that he had little idea whether his gay friends practiced safe sex and that he couldn't imagine anyone bringing it up for a group discussion.
"One of the most infrequently discussed areas of gay life is often safe- sex practices," said Steward of Fairfax County, Va., who will be a sophomore this fall at Columbia University in New York.
In a telephone interview, Steward said gay teens have heard plenty of clinical discussions about safe sexual practices, such as using condoms.

Load-Date: October 18, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS FIGHT 'UNITING' GAYS, LESBIANS



AIDS FIGHT 'UNITING' GAYS, LESBIANS
Salt Lake Tribune (Utah)
October 03, 1994, Monday


Copyright 1994 The Salt Lake Tribune
Section: Local; Pg. B6
Length: 311 words
Byline: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
Body


Even while decimating the nation's gay and lesbian community, the AIDS virus has transformed it, bringing it closer together, a national gay activist says.
Speaking Saturday at the annual Living With AIDS Conference, author and activist Torie Osborn said while she hates what the virus has done to people, the reaction of the gay and lesbian communities is commendable.
Gays and lesbians, who formerly had little interaction if not outright hostility toward each other, have pulled together to organize support groups, clinics and volunteer agencies, said Osborn, now a columnist for the Advocate, a national gay publication.
"There has been a sea change happen in the gay and lesbian community, brought about by us uniting to fight this epidemic," Osborn said.
When the epidemic struck in the mid-1980s, "the federal government did not really care about AIDS victims. It viewed them as drug users, people of color, homosexuals, and other marginalized communities," said Osborn.
When the history of the epidemic is written some time in the future, she predicted, it will be the story of how the gay and lesbian communities coalesced into a society with a purpose, brought together by a fatal virus.
AIDS has brought to the forefront issues that society in the 1980s considered taboo -- sexuality, death, drug use and especially homosexuality -- and put them on the national agenda, Osborn told the conference in her keynote address.
It has also brought changes in the medical community, she said, with the revival of hospices, patient-centered and holistic medical treatments.
The mobilization of the gay and lesbian communities to combat AIDS is a "deeply moral, compassionate and caring example of family values," she said.
Osborn's talk was the opening address for the weekend conference at the University Park Hotel. It was sponsored by the People With AIDS Coalition of Utah.

Load-Date: April 14, 1995


End of Document
Page  of AIDS and Drugs



AIDS and Drugs
The New York Times
May 19, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final


Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company
Distribution: Book Review Desk 
Section: Section 7; ; Section 7;  Page 4;  Column 4;  Book Review Desk ; Column 4; ; Letter
Length: 562 words
Body


To the Editor:
In her review of my "Inventing the AIDS Virus" (April 7), June E. Osborn writes: "This book is destructive of personal morale, prevention efforts and public understanding both of H.I.V./AIDS and of biomedical science in general. It has the potential to wreak serious harm at a crucial point in the AIDS epidemic." At the same time, Dr. Osborn faithfully defends the H.I.V.-AIDS orthodoxy with "enormous bodies of evidence . . . that firmly implicate H.I.V. in AIDS" but without being able to provide the one paper that proves that H.I.V. causes AIDS.
Yet 12 years and $35 billion after starting the war on AIDS in the name of the hypothesis that H.I.V. causes AIDS, America has no vaccine and no drug, has lost over 300,000 lives to AIDS and has yet to save the first AIDS patient. This is a sad testimony to the inability of the scientific and medical community to deal with AIDS properly.
In such a situation the scientific method calls for new, alternative hypotheses to compete with the unproductive H.I.V.-AIDS hypothesis. The scientific method functions very much like the free market economy: it provides the taxpayer and the patient with the most competitive and productive scientific theory.
"Inventing the AIDS Virus" has done exactly this. It provides a coherent and extensively documented alternative AIDS hypothesis. It is proposing that American and European AIDS is the medical consequence of the long-term consumption of recreational drugs and of antiviral drugs like AZT. This hypothesis is a synthesis and extension of the Centers for Disease Control's very own pre-1984 "life style" hypothesis of AIDS, and of many recent studies that document the toxicity of AZT. The drug-AIDS hypothesis is very testable and could prevent, even cure, AIDS at a fraction of the annual $7.5 billion Federal AIDS budget currently invested in the unproductive H.I.V. hypothesis. In the light of the drug hypothesis, H.I.V. is a harmless passenger virus, and AIDS is an entirely preventable, and in part curable, consequence of the drug epidemic.
One would expect Dr. Osborn to give an alternative to the failed H.I.V. hypothesis some serious consideration. Yet there is not a single complimentary sentence in her review. Wearing her H.I.V.-AIDS blinkers, she not only misunderstands but also misrepresents the drug-AIDS hypothesis.
For example, contrary to Dr. Osborn's assertion, "Inventing the AIDS Virus" does not assert that "gay men in whom AIDS was diagnosed in the early years . . . were not being truthful if they denied drug use." The book documents with dozens of references that if asked, gay men with AIDS all reported abundant recreational drug use.
Also, contrary to Dr. Osborn, I do not "dismiss" AIDS in other countries. Both Chapter 6 and Chapter 8 and an appended scientific paper deal extensively with AIDS in other countries and its causes, which are malnutrition, parasitic infection and poor sanitation.
In the face of our AIDS epidemic and in the name of science, I object to a partial and political review of my book. Isn't our common enemy AIDS rather than Peter Duesberg and other H.I.V. dissidents? Should AIDS be the winner of this debate because dissidents must be losers? Wouldn't it be prudent to divert a few million dollars from the annual $7.5 billion AIDS budget into just one alternative hypothesis?
 
Peter Duesberg
Berkeley, Calif.

Load-Date: May 21, 1996


End of Document
Page  of Experts, officials raise alarm bells over spread of AIDS aids aids



Experts, officials raise alarm bells over spread of AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
October 25, 1997 1997 1997 2510 2510 251025:10 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 615 words
Body


By Mynardo Macaraig
MANILA, Oct 25 (AFP) - Experts and officials on Saturday raised alarm bells over the spread of AIDS in the Asia-Pacific region and called for a united effort to prevent the deadly disease.
Philippine President Fidel Ramos, in a keynote address at the opening of an international conference on AIDS here, reminded governments in the region "it was time for the people of the Asia-Pacific to recognize the imminent danger of the AIDS challenge."
He said governments must not "sidestep the issue using lack of resources as an excuse" and called on nations to "share experiences … and be united in an unwavering commitment to combat (the spread of) AIDS." aids." aids."
The Filipino leader admitted that the search for a cure of AIDS had been concentrated in the west because most Asian countries could not afford the cost of medical research.
But "this should not lead us to be defeatist in our attitudes," he said.
On the part of the Philippines, Ramos said "we will not stop with mere directives or expressions of support" but will take concrete action like hastening the approval of a bill boosting AIDS education and protecting the rights of AIDS victims.
Han Sang Tae, head of the World Health Organization Western Pacific office based in Manila, said efforts to fight AIDS would require a "rapid response from all of us." Only "aggressive and appropriate intervention can reduce the numbers," he added.
Earlier on Saturday, the WHO regional office released data projecting that cases of the HIV virus would increase four-fold and full-blown AIDS cases six-fold by 2000 in 10 Asia-Pacific countries.
It said confirmed AIDS cases would total 168,012 in Australia, Cambodia, China, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, South Korea and Vietnam.
In his opening day speech, Han said it was still possible for many countries in the region to avoid an AIDS epidemic, citing the Philippines which he claimed had "managed to avoid an HIV epidemic despite previous predictions."
Peter Piot, executive director of UN AIDS, the United Nations monitor, warned that the situation in Asia was "mostly likely to dwarf others" if the situation was not contained.
Geoff Mantly, UN AIDS country program adviser, said that of the 30 million people worldwide believed infected with AIDS-causing virus, only five million to seven million were in the Asia-Pacific region.
But the region also hosts about half the world's population, meaning it has "potentially more people who could become infected," he said.
Acquired immune deficiency syndrome kills by tearing down the body's immune system. It is caused by the human immunedeficiency virus (HIV) which is spread mostly by sexual contact and sharing of bodily fluids as in blood transfusions or sharing of syringes.
Piot said there was "striking proof that prevention works," citing the slowdown in the spread of AIDS in Australia and Thailand and the low rates of AIDS in the Philippines and Singapore.
He called on Asian countries "to shatter complacency and bring AIDS to the forefront of every nation and government" and "encourage grassroots action against the epidemic."
Ramos admitted that the "specter of a possible AIDS epidemic brought about xenophobic reactions from many goverments of the Asia-Pacific" at first but noted that "the attitude has since changed."
Filipino AIDS sufferer Archie Rivera said he was hopeful the congress would benefit victims of the disease like himself.
"We sincerely hope that our national leaders would be moved to exercise the political will necessary to institutionalize measures for AIDS prevention and care," he said.
mm-mba/jd jd jd

Load-Date: October 25, 1997


End of Document
Page  of AIDS



AIDS
The Sunday Times (London)
April 26, 1992, Sunday


Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited
Section: Features
Length: 4301 words
Byline: Neville Hodgkinson
Body


It hardly sounds possible. After worldwide campaigns for ''safer sex'', and eight years of anti-viral research and treatment costing billions of pounds, a growing number of senior scientists are challenging the idea that the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) causes Aids.
 The idea seems outrageous to doctors who have seen their patients fall sick and die after becoming infected with the virus, which was discovered in 1983.
 Scientists believed HIV was a new, sexually-transmitted disease, and predicted that it would eventually put the entire sexually-active population at risk. But the failure of the epidemic to ''explode'' into the general population has encouraged some experts to ask whether a simple cause-and-effect link between HIV and Aids really exists.
They do not question the existence of the disease called Aids the acquired immune deficiency syndrome in which the body's normal deaga a variety of infections, and some rare cancers, cease to work. What they are saying is that new ideas are emerging that question the extent of HIV's role in Aids.
 Some of these scientists now suggest that the virus can be harmless on its own, but may play a part in throwing the immune system into disarray when other infections are present. This could mean some people who are HIV-positive will never fall ill.
 That in itself is dramatically different frm the view held for years by most Aids scientists: that the presence of HIV in the body is a time-bomb which sooner or later will explode, seeking out and destroying all the body's T-cells, an essential part of the immune system.
 But other sceptics go further. They argue that the virus is not new, that it is not normally sexually transmitted, and that it is almost certainly harmless almost no different from scores of other innocuous viruses in the same class that may have been around for centuries, but which have only come to light recently because of modern techniques of analysis.
 They do not deny that HIV is usually present in people whose immune systems have failed, but argue that this is because those people have been exposed to special health risks that bring them into contact with many infectious agents.
 To explain the Aids epidemic, many favour an idea originally proposed when the first cases were discovered in a group of male homosexual drug users with devastating bacterial and other infections: that a dangerous lifestyle, rather than a new microbe, is mostly to blame.
 Some believe the main factor is the unprecedented level of drug use, both inhaled and injected, during the 1970s and 1980s and more recently, inappropriate use of medical drugs in trying to counter Aids.
 Other victims, such as haemophiliacs, transfusion recipients and babies born to drug-abusing or otherwise sick mothers, have suffered illnesses that in the past would have been attributed to their physical condition or circumstances, the sceptics argue. Being exposed to other people's blood means their chances of showing antibodies to a wide variety of infectious agents, including HIV, are much higher than average. So are their chances of falling ill but not for reasons that need have anything to do with HIV.
 Six million Africans have been shown to be HIV-positive, according to the World Health Organisation. But again, a long-awaited explosion of Aids has not happened, the dissident scientists claim. In all, 120,000 Aids cases have been reported during the past eight years. That is a small percentage of the total number of deaths that could be expected anyway over that period out of a 6m-strong group.
 African ''Aids'' victims suffer from a completely different pattern of illnesses to those in the West: largely old African diseases such as slim disease, fever, diarrhoea and tuberculosis, usually associated with malnutrition, parasitic infections and poor sanitary conditions. They are being rediagnosed as Aids because virus-hunters can point to the presence of HIV, the critics argue.
 According to this view, the entire edifice of international alarm and expenditure surrounding HIV is based on a faulty premise: that HIV is a new, deadly virus. If the critics prove to be right, the HIV-Aids link would be seen as the biggest medical and scietific blunder this century.
WHILE many Aids scientists now accept that HIV cannot work as simply as originally believed, they regard those who say it has nothing to do with Aids as irresponsible ''flat-earthers'' who do not deserve to be taken seriously.
 The leading dissident, Dr Peter Duesberg, professor of molecular biology at the University of California in Berkeley, has lost his $350,000 ''outstanding investigator'' funding from the National Institutes of Health, the American government's premier scientific research organisation. In a letter cancelling his grant, officials referred to his recent research as being ''less productive, perhaps reflecting a dilution of his efforts with non-scientific issues''.
 Some of the dissidents say they have had their work boycotted, and become marginalised from mainstream scientific meetings.
 To try to break through this impasse, nearly 50 biomedical scientists, statisticians and other professionals have come together to form an international body, The Group for the Scientific Reappraisal of the HHypsis.  Some are to take part in an ''alternative'' Aids symposium in the Netherlands next month.
 They are also launching a newsletter, Rethinking Aids, that will examine the scientific basis for claims made about Aids and propose experiments for testing the HIV theory.
 It is edited by a molecular biologist, Dr Harvey Bialy, scientific editor of the journal BioTechnology, a sister publication to Nature.
 Asked why such a publication was needed, Bialy said: ''The vast majority of instruments of public information, as well as the majority of scientists involved in biomedical research, have indiscriminately subscribed to a single hypothesis, that a virus called HIV is the cause of the disease syndrome called Aids.
 ''The hypothesis has become all things to all people. It violates everything we previously knew about virus disease, and allows any kind of therapy, any kind of research, to generate research bucks.
 ''What kind of science continues to place all its marbles, all its faith, all its research bucks, in such a theory?
 ''The answer I keep coming back to is that it has nothing to do with science; the reasons are all unscientific.
 ''We have taken sex and equated it with death, and into that mixture we have thrown money. What an ugly stew.''
 The new group has been trying to persuade a leading medical or scientific journal to publish a letter outlining its concerns. It states: ''It is widely believed by the general public that a retrovirus called HIV causes the grou of diseases called Aids. Many biomedical scientists now question this hypothesis. We propose that a thorough reappraisal of the existing evidence for and against this hypothesis be conducted by a suitable independent group. We further propose that critical epidemiological studies be devised and undertaken.''
 None of the journals approached so far has been willing to publish this letter, despite several distinguished signatories.
 ''It's frozen out,'' says Dr Charles Thomas, the group's co-ordinator, a former professor of biological chemistry at Harvard University who now heads the Helicon Foundation, a non-profit research organisation.
 Yet he says he is unable to name ''a single scientific publication that purports, either convincingly or unconvincingly, to demonstrate that HIV causes Aids it's really a quite extraordinary story''.
 Another leading scientist in the group, Dr Kary Mullis, inventor of the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) technique, a breakthrough in genetic testing now used worldwide, also questions the HIV hypothesis, but says other experts are unwilling to because so many livelihoods and reputations depend on it.
 ''I can't find a single virologist who will give me references which show that HIV is the probable cause of Aids,'' he says.
 ''On an issue as important as this, there should be a set of scientific documents somewhere, research papers written by people who are accessible, demonstrating this. But they are not available. If you ask a virologist for that information, you don't get an answer, you get fury.''
 Few British voices have dared question the HIV hypothesis. Notable exceptions include Gordon Stewart, emeritus professor of public health at Glasgow University, who says he has been repeatedly frustrated in his attempts to publicise inconsistencies and inadequacies in the conventional view; and writer Jad Adams, whose 1989 book Aids: The HIV Myth described how an ''Aids Establishment'' had come into being, committed to the HIV hypothesis and fiercely resisting anyone who challenged it.
 Meditel, a small medical documentary film-making company, has produced three films challenging the Aids orthodoxy, shown on Channel 4's Dispatches programme. The second of these, The Aids Catch, shown in June 1990, was bitterly attacked by leading figures from the Medical Research Council, and was reported to the Broadcasting Complaints Commission by the Wellcome Foundation, manufacturer of the anti-Aids drug AZT, and the Terrence Higgins Trust, the Aids group. The commission partially upheld the complaints, but its findings were rejected by the Independent Television Commission and Channel 4 itself.
THE belief that HIV is the cause of Aids has become so axiomatic for most doctors working in the field that they view any suggestion to the contrary as dangerously irresponsible.
 Yet several observations support the view that HIV can no longer be considered a lone, infectious assassin. Originally, it was thought that the virus killed billions of T-cells, vital to the body's immune defences. Later studies have shown it is active in only one in 10,000 T-cells, far fewer than would be needed to kill off the cells faster than the body replaces them.
About 97% of all American Aids patients are from abnormal health risk groups: heterosexual intravenous drug users, male homosexuals who use oral aphrodisiacs and psychoactive drugs, haemophiliacs, babies of drug-addicted mothers and recipients of blood transfusions. And about 91% of American Aids patients are males. If the disease is sexually transmitted, why do so few women (other than drug users, and some from ethnic minority groups in poverty-stricken circumstances) develop Aids? It cannot be because of the spread of ''safer sex'' conventional venereal diseases and unwanted pregnancies are increasing.
With every year that goes by, the length of time the virus is said to take before it produces disease has had to be extended. Even assuming that HIV causes Aids, on the basis of present statistics it will take 33 years for most HIV-positive haemophiliacs in America to develop the disease. That compares with original predictions of three to five years.
Fewer than 50% of American Aids patients are tested for HIV the diagnosis is made on the basis of their disease symptoms. And of those who are tested, 5% never show signs of HIV infection. It means that even if HIV does cause Aids, there are other causes as well.
Many other agents shown to cause suppression of the body's immune defences are present in Aids patients. These include immunological response to semen following anal intercourse; use of recreational rugs such as nitrites (''poppers''); chronic antibiotic use (often associated with promiscuity); opiate drugs; repeated blood transfusions; anaesthetics; malnutrition (whether caused by bowel dysfunction in homosexuals, drug use, poverty or anorexia nervosa); multiple infections by diverse micobes; and infection by specific viruses such as cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr virus, and hepatitis B virus.
When chimpanzees are infected experimentally with HIV they do not develop Aids. Even a monkey equivalent of HIV, called simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV), does not cause disease when carried by monkeys living in the wild.
Healthy HIV-positive mothers can give birth to healthy babies, and some HIV-positive babies have so far never developed Aids-related symptoms.
Out of several thousand reported cases of needle injuries and cuts among health workers and laboratory researchers handling HIV-contaminated material, only 5% have become HIV-positive; and of those, only one person lacking other identified risks has developed Aids.
Aids-type diseases were reported for at least 100 years before 1980.
 None of this proves that HIV cannot cause Aids, says another of the critics, Dr Robert Root-Bernstein, associate professor of physiology at Michigan State Uiversity and a prize-winning researcher in immunology. But he argues in a paper entitled Do We Know The Cause(s) of Aids? published in the specialist journal, Perspectives in Biology and Medicine, that ''premature closure of inquiry lays us open to the risk of making a colossal blunder''.
ON APRIL 23, 1984, Margaret Heckler had an announcement as dramatic and rewarding as any politician could wish to make. The American secretary for health and human services told a press conference in Washington, DC, that Dr Robert Gallo, a senior researcher at the National Cancer Institute, had found the virus responsible for Aids.
 It was the news all America, but especially the homosexual community, with 2,000 dead from Aids and 100 new cases being reported every week, had been anxiously awaiting.
 It was also desperately important to the Western medical and scientific community, whose proud record of mastery over microbial enemies was being challenged by Aids.
 Heckler reflected these powerful emotions accurately. ''Today we add another miracle to the long honour roll of American medicine and science,'' she said.  ''Today's discovery represents the triumph of science over a dreaded disease.
 ''Those who have disparaged this scientific search those who have said we weren't doing enough have not understood how sound, solid, significant medical research proceeds.''
 A blood test for the virus would be available within months, she said, and a vaccine ready for testing within two years.
 The blood test did indeed arrive, and became the basis of a multi-million-dollar industry. Gallo had already developed it, and a patent was filed the same day as Heckler's announcement.
 As he strode into the press conference, Gallo was a picture of confidence, fastidiously dressed. ''He approached the podium like the only kid in the school assembly to have won a national merit scholarship,'' a journalist, David Black, wrote later.
 ''His manner seemed to me condescending, as though he were the Keeper of Secrets obliged to deal with a world of lesser mortals.''
 The scientific world seemed hypnotised by his certainty, and Gallo's convction that HIV alone explained the arrival of Aids ''who needs co-factors when you've been hit by a truck?'' he is quoted as saying became the established view.
 Eight years on, Gallo's superstar status and scientific credibility have been undermined. The scientific community has now accepted that the virus was first isolated in 1983 by a group led by Dr Luc Montagnier at the Institut Pasteur in Paris, and had been sent to Gallo's laboratory for further testing.
 A National Institutes of Health inquiry panel has accused Gallo of ''intllectual appropriation'' of the virus. It says that an article announcing the discovery published in Science magazine in 1984, of which Gallo was joint author, contained ''misrepresentations or falsifications'' of methodology and data.
 Gallo, who also faces federal inquiries alleging perjury and fraud in his patent application, denies any intention to mislead and blames the errors in the article on the rush to publish.
 For American telvision viewers, however, his decline from fame was encapsulated earlier this month as he was chased by a camera crew with the interviewer demanding: ''Did you steal the virus, Dr Gallo? Did you steal the virus?''
 Perhaps as significant as Gallo's fall from grace is a sharp shift in Montagnier's position on Aids. As one of the speakers at the ''alternative'' symposium next month, he will be outlining his current view that HIV can be a benign, ''peaceful'' virus, which only becomes dangerous in the presence of other organisms (see story on right).
''We were naive,'' he says. ''We thought this one virus was doing all the destruction. Now we have to understand the other factors in this.''
 Montagnier first made some of his views on these ''co-factors'' known at the sixth international Aids conference in San Francisco nearly two years ago, seven years after his original discovery of HIV. He thought his message would be a bombshell. But it was not one the conference wanted to hear.
 Of 12,000 delegates present, only 200 went to hear his talk. By the time he had finished, almost half of those had walked out. His views were dismissed by leading American Aids scientists and public health officials.
 ''There was Montagnier, the Jesus of HIV, and they threw him out of the temple,'' one observer commented.
PETER DUESBERG was puzzled by Heckler and Gallo's 1984 announcement. As the first scientist to map the genetic structure common to all retroviruses, of which HIV is one, he knew that mice and chickens, for example, contain 50 to 100 retroviruses that never cause disease.
 He also knew that if you look hard enough, ''when you're in the retrovirus business you can detect a retrovirus''. But attempts to prove that the viruses cause disease have uniformly failed, according to Duesberg. He wondered what was so special about this new one that could make it the cause of Aids.  Three years later, he challenged the HIV-Aids hypothesis on biological grounds in the specialist journal, Cancer Research.
 The response from other medical scientists was dismissive. While it was not known how HIV could be so devastating, they argued that the epidemiological evidence studies of what was actually happening in people showed such a close link between HIV and Aids that the virus was clearly to blame.
 Now Duesberg has returned to the attack with an 8,000-word critique in the Paris-based journal, Biomedicine and Pharmacotherapy. In it he maintains that not only the virology, but also the patterns of illness in the American and European Aids epidemics, fail to support the theory that HIV is responsible.
 He says that in he seven years since HIV testing became available, the official estimate of the number of Americans carrying the virus has stayed constant, at about 1m. Screening by the US Army among potential recruits has also shown a constant proportion of both men and women 0.03% with antibodies to HIV.
 Neither of those observations is consistent with the arrival of a new, infectious disease, Duesberg says, for which cases would be expected to spread exponentially in susceptible populations.
 The explanation that best fits the data, Duesberg now says, is that HIV is not new ''it is perhaps as old as America''. He thinks it survives naturally, at a low level, by being passed from mothers to their children, as is the case with most retroviruses.
 The fact that the 0.03% figure is equal in men and women indicates that it is reflecting this harmless ''background'' HIV. It is unrelated to Aids, for which the vast majority of American victims are men.
 The HIV-positive babies seen by health authorities are different: they come mainly from drug-abusing parents, and it is adverse emotional and physical circumstances, not HIV, that may prove lethal to them. When they come from good homes, or are adopted and well cared for, most stay healthy.
 In fact, almost all Americans who develop Aids have been exposed to abnormal health risks, Duesberg says. The virus acts as a risk ''marker''. The medical profession's mistake has been to jump to the conclusion that when that marker is present, the patient's illness is a consequence of it.
 One way of establishing HIV's role in causing illness would be to compare the progress of carefully matched groups of haemophiliac men, some with HIV and some without. No such study has been published.
 There is, however, a group of 32 haemophiliacs in Edinburgh who are all thought to have been exposed to a single contaminated batch of Factor VIII, the blood-clotting substance in which their own bodies are deficient, in 1984. Eighteen became HIV-positive, and 10 of those have developed immune deficiencies. The other 14 did not, and all of those have stayed well.
 That seemed to demonstrate that HIV must be responsible. But last November, doctors reported in The Lancet that as a group, the 10 differed from the others in that their immune systems were hyperactive before they became infected with HIV.
 The doctors suggested this might be a genetic trait predisposing to HIV disease. For Duesberg, it supports other evidence that haemophiliacs develop immune deficiencies not because of HIV, but because of their condition and its treatment. Their regular transfusions cause repeated challenges to their immune system. Other studies have shown that the length of time they have been receiving these transfusions is their biggest risk factor for developing immune disorders.
 If the real cause of haemophiliac Aids is haemophilia, how come their wives occasionally die of Aids after sexual transmission of HIV?
 The answer, according to Duesberg, is that they don't. The US Centres for Disease Control has reported that a total of 94 wives of haemophiliacs have been diagnosed with ''Aids'' diseases in the past seven years, on average about 13 a year. Although HIV is difficult to transmit sexually, requiring on average about 1,000 sexual contacts, some of the wives have become HIV-positive.
 But about 80 deaths a year could be expected anyway in this group, on the basis of standard death rates. And the wives don't get illnesses such as Kaposi's sarcoma, or dementia, or lymphoma, or wasting syndrome, which currently account for 39% of all American Aids diseases.
 ''What you see here are pneumonias, mostly, and a few other infections typical diseases of older age. Normal morbidity and mortality may be the simplest explanation, but because they are the wives of haemophiliacs it is called Aids.''
If Duesberg is proved right in believing HIV does not cause Aids, where does the epidemic come from? In his latest paper, Duesberg claims its origin rests with the explosion in the use of ''recreational'' drugs; and that in addition it is now being driven by the toxic side-effects of AZT, originally developed as chemotherapy for cancer patients but now prescribed to about 120,000 HIV-positive Americans, and 180,000 people worldwide.
 The ability of drugs to break down the immune system is well documented, Duesberg says. ''It's not one bath house party, or two, or even 10 or 20, but if you do it over and over and over again. One gay activist in New York says that when he was wild in the bath houses, he had 3,000 sexual contacts.
 ''You can't do that on testosterone (naturally occurring male hormone). With testosterone you fall asleep after one or two contacts. But if they are flying on amphetamines and poppers they go in for two or three days, and with 20 or 30 contacts. Poppers sound so cute, but they contain a very reactive compound, which is mutagenic and carcinogenic.
 ''So they mutate and oxidise and damage their DNA and RNA, and they don't get any sleep, and in the long run if they go on harder drugs such as cocaine and so on they can't pay for their food any more and don't eat the vitamins and proteins they need to regenerate, and they come down in hospital with pneumonia.
 ''Then along comes Dr Gallo and he looks for a latent retrovirus. Then they give them AZT, which is inevitably toxic, and a year later you are definitely dead.''
 Duesberg cites several studies in which patients have recovered from Aids-type illnesses after coming off AZT, which he maintains is ''Aids by prescription''.
 Tragically, he believes the same could have been true for Kimberley Bergalis, the 23-year-old American student who died four years after having two wisdom teeth extracted by her dentist.
 A year after the operation, and shortly before graduating from the University of Florida, Kimberley who was a virgin, and had never injected drugs developed oral thrush. Her health declined further, and doctors considered stress and hepatitis as possible causes. In December 1989 she was found to be HIV-positive, and it was assumed she had picked up the virus from her dentist, a bswhod of Aids in September 1990.
 In a bitter farewell letter, Kimberley wrote of her hair falling out, of losing more than 40lb, of blisters on her sides, of nausea and vomiting, night sweats, chronic fevers, cramping, diarrhoea, acne infesting her face and neck, and of the white fungus, with which her illness had started, running wild.
 The world was devastated on hearing what it took to be the horror of Aids.  Yet every one of these symptoms could readily be attributable to the AZT Kimberley was given to the end because of its known mode of action, Duesberg says. By contrast, no mechanism whereby HIV could produce such symptoms has ever been demonstrated.
The drug theory leaves many questions unanswered. There se to have been many homosexual victims, for example, who either never took drugs or who gave them up on learning of their antibody status, but who still went into rapid decline.
 Duesberg and the other scientists seeking a new look at Aids admit that their own ideas on its causes are speculative. But they say there should at least be more studies into the specific risks of drugs and other lifestyle factors.
 With taxpayer-funded spending on HIV research and the hunt for a vaccine now running at $4 billion a year in America Pounds 150m a year in Britain, perhaps a wider look at Aids is overdue.

Graphic

 
can we be positive?; Focus

Load-Date: April 29, 1992


End of Document
Page  of GAY MEN HEED AIDS THREAT



GAY MEN HEED AIDS THREAT
COURIER-MAIL
June 13, 1995 Tuesday


Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 411 words
Byline: DUNNE D
Body


KEYWORD-HIT Gay men heed AIDS threat By DOMINIC DUNNE in Sydney YOUNG gay men are anything but irresponsible risk-takers who recklessly flaunt their sexuality, according to a new survey. The latest report in ongoing research into gay and bisexual Sydney men shows anti-AIDS campaigns are paying off. The report from the Sydney Men and Sexual Health study is a joint project of the National Centre in HIV Epidemiology and Clinical Research, the National Centre in HIV Social Research and the AIDS Council of New South Wales. The report, to be released in Sydney today, also says that monogamy is emerging as a pitfall to safe sex, as people in committed relationships abandon condoms in the belief they can trust their partners. Research co-ordinator Garrett Prestage said the results opposed ""long-held views that the younger gay men were at greatest risk because they were not consistent condom users". The results also showed little difference in amount of sexual activity between ages of the groups surveyed. However, he said the research showed the gay community was still the ""epicentre of the AIDs epidemic". The survey of 169 men aged between 17 and 25 compared with 734 men between 25 and 69 found young gay men _ stereotypically the sexual risk-takers of society _ were knowledgeable about HIV/AIDS. ""The education is working among young men. They are a fairly sophisticated group who have taken a lot of concerns on board," Mr Prestage said. He said people in so-called ""committed" relationships could be lulled into a false sense of security _ and abandon condoms.
QNPMacquarie University behavioural science Associate Professor Sue Kippax, an expert in sexual behaviour who is also on the research team, said monogamy was emerging as a pitfall to safe sex after long being touted as an answer to the AIDS scourge. Ms Kippax, a director of the National Centre in HIV Social Research, said committed partners were falling victim to HIV, particularly in the gay community, because they trusted their lovers' fidelity over condoms. Professor Kippax said younger men were more likely to have casual partners and practise safe sex. Comparable studies of heterosexual students found condom usage dropped off significantly after the late teens, also because more stable relationships were formed. The survey found condom use in casual sex had become more prevalent, with more than 80 per cent practising safe sex compared with 65 to 70 per cent eight years ago.

Load-Date: October 1, 2003


End of Document
Page  of AIDS



AIDS
City News Service
December 3, 1997, Wednesday


Copyright 1997 City News Service, Inc.
No City News Service material may be republished without the express written permission of City News Service, Inc.
Length: 711 words
Byline: MARY LOU AURELIO, City News Service
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


In the first half of 1997, the number of reported AIDS cases in the county fell by a third compared to last year, but the rate of
 cases in communities of color rose, an expert said today.
Dr. Peter R. Kerndt, director of the HIV Epidemiology Program for the county Department of Health Services, gave that message to the first Los
 Angeles AIDS Summit: People of Color and HIV.'' It was chaired by former Sen.
Art Torres, D-Los Angeles, and held at the school district headquarters
 downtown.
 In 1985, African-Americans and Latinos accounted for 28 percent of reported AIDS cases. By 1996, these two populations accounted for 54
 percent of all reported AIDS cases,'' Kerndt said.
AIDS
AIDS rates have been highest in the African-American population for men, women and children,'' the doctor said.
      Last year, he said:
-- the AIDS rate among African-Americans women was six times higher than the rate among white women, and three times higher than the rate among
 Latinas;
-- among African-American men, the AIDS rate was two times higher than the rate among white men, and nearly three times higher than among Latino men.
 To date, 762 children have been reported with HIV infection, and 274 with AIDS, and 80 percent are African-American or Latino,'' Kerndt said.
He said an analysis of the county AIDS statistics and census data also shows the epidemic is most heavily concentrated in low-income populations,
 across the board.
 From 1987 through 1994, the AIDS rate was more than two times higher among residents of low-income neighborhoods, than among residents of high-
 income neighborhoods,'' Kerndt said.
He said the good news for the county is that the number of AIDS-related deaths declined by 56 percent during the first six months of the year, vs. the
 same 1996 period.
An estimated 40,000 county residents are infected with HIV, he said, and about half are unaware of it. He said 2,000 new infections occur each year.
He said many people of color, and low-income residents, are not tested while the infection is in the early stage and most treatable. It is often not
discovered until they have full-blown AIDS, he said, and their immune systems
have been damaged.
Mary Ashley of the Department of Family Medicine at Drew University told the panel there is a serious gap of services, and especially education and
 risk-reduction programs,'' in communities of color.
 School administrators don't want to let some of the programs into their schools, so we need to educate parents,'' Ashley said.  Education for
 prevention is the most critical thing we can do.''
Rodolfo Zamudio, who is HIV positive and works in the Latino community, said substance abusers, the incarcerated and newly infected immigrants are not
 receiving the help they need.
He said someone who is taking the AIDS cocktail,'' a new and effective treatment, on the outside has to wait for three months to receive that
 medication in jail.''
Chantal Bullock said her 5-year-old daughter died of AIDS in August.
 I was five and a half months pregnant when I found out I was positive,'' Bullock said.
 I was very suicidal, but because of her smile I know I have to keep going,'' she said while showing a photograph of a beaming little girl.
 She would have been 6 in November. This was my first Thanksgiving without her. I'm trying to get out there and speak. I don't know where to start,'' the
 woman managed before her tears and a husky voice halted her.
Bullock said she wants to tell her story to teen-age girls.
 They don't practice safe sex and they become pregnant,'' she said.
Marilyn Howe of Women Alive told the panel many women need transportation and child care services to get to treatment. She said more research on how to
treat infected women is needed.
 They ask that health care providers be more sensitive and compassionate to them,'' Howe said.
 That doesn't cost anything,'' Torres remarked.
 So, I wonder why we're not having this, 'cause it's a free thing,'' Howe said.
Torres said he will give the recommendations to President Clinton and the vice president when he meets with them in Washington, D.C.
And Torres said he will have a message, based on what he has heard today: You may think you're hitting the disease -- but the explosion is yet to come
 -- because of the lack of emphasis on prevention.''

Load-Date: December 4, 1997


End of Document
Page  of AM-AIDS-Awareness ; Homophobia contributes to HIV-AIDS, society says



AM-AIDS-Awareness ; Homophobia contributes to HIV-AIDS, society says
The Canadian Press (CP)
October 1, 1995 Sunday


Copyright 1995 Press News Limited, All Rights Reserved
Section: NATIONAL GENERAL NEWS
Length: 457 words
Byline: By Marty Logan
Dateline: OTTAWA
Body

OTTAWA (CP) - People who don't speak out when they hear someone telling distasteful jokes about gays bear some responsibility for the plague of HIV infection among homosexual men, claims the Canadian AIDS Society.
Jokes and other forms of discrimination against those at highest risk for HIV-AIDS can lower the self-esteem of those people, says the society. And gays who feel less positive about themselves are more likely to practise risky sexual behavior.
The AIDS society is spreading that message - homophobia is hurting the fight against AIDS - during National AIDS Awareness Week, which begins today. "A significant minority of the population won't like the campaign,'' Grant McNeil, the society's communications manager, said Sunday.
But, "there are studies that do point to the fact that young gay men who are dealing with self-esteem issues will in fact participate in risky activities, because their lives are being devalued by . . . the public statements that people like Roseanne Skoke might make.''
Skoke is a Liberal MP from Nova Scotia who has loudly condemned homosexuality as "not natural'' and "immoral.''
McNeil said polls suggest the majority of Canadians are comfortable with the idea of gay and lesbian people receiving explicit protection under human rights laws. But they might not be as generous when dealing personally with gays who have HIV-AIDS.
"Say you're a hemophiliac with HIV, are you treated differently than a gay man with HIV? And why are children with HIV referred to as "innocent victims' ?
"Is the message that gay men with HIV are responsible for the situation they're facing?,'' asked McNeil.
The AIDS society is also concerned that the federal government seems less interested in fighting the virus. It says Health Canada's National AIDS Secretariat no longer has acess to the department's associate deputy minister.
Health Canada says 11,644 cases of people with AIDS were reported in Canada to the end of June. More than 8,000 of those people (71 per cent) have died.
McNeil said many people with AIDS contracted the disease 10 to 15 years ago. He had no idea if the number of people being infected today is increasing.
Last year's awareness week focused on youth and sexuality. McNeil said it prompted young people to form groups across Canada which continue to operate.
This year's campaign is getting unexpected help from the corporate world, which donated $32,000, more than twice what the AIDS Society raised from the private sector last year.
But what would make McNeil ecstatic is "an end to homophobia. Is that going to come in my lifetime? Probably not.''
But he'd settle for "a much more sensitive understanding by Canadians about what it's like for gay men to have to live with HIV, and face homophobia.''

Load-Date: October 13, 2002


End of Document
Page  of GAY CAMPAIGNER CLAIMED BY AIDS



GAY CAMPAIGNER CLAIMED BY AIDS
COURIER-MAIL
February 19, 1994 Saturday


Copyright 1994 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 218 words
Byline: AAPAUSNEWS
Body


KEYWORD-HIT Gay campaigner claimed by AIDS LOS Angeles: Journalist Randy Shilts, author of the bestseller As The Band Played On which chronicled the early years of the AIDS epidemic, has died from the disease. He was 42.
QNPShilts, who last year revealed that he was HIV positive, started covering the homosexual community for the San Francisco Chronicle in the early 1970s. But it was not until he started reporting on the emergence of an illness first known as the ""gay flu" in the early 1980s that he captured world attention. The disease was renamed Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome and Shilts turned to reporting the politics surrounding treatment of those infected with the virus and discrimination against gays. His 1987 bestseller As The Band Played On, which detailed the spread of the disease and the United States Government's response to the threat, made him the country's public voice of AIDS. The book harshly criticised the role of the Reagan presidency in allowing the spread of AIDS. But it also provoked anger from within sections of the gay community by accusing some of endangering the lives of everyone with their sexual freedom. The book last year was turned into a TV mini-series starring Whoopi Goldberg, Richard Gere, Matthew Modine and Alan Alda. RANDY Shilts . . . "voice' of AIDS.

Graphic

 
PIC OF HEAD SHOT OF RANDY SHILTS

Load-Date: September 30, 2003


End of Document
Page  of DEALING WITH AIDS



DEALING WITH AIDS
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)
JANUARY 14, 1994, FRIDAY,
SOONER EDITION


Copyright 1994 P.G. Publishing Co.
Section: ENTERTAINMENT,; WEEKEND MAGAZINE
Length: 400 words
Byline: JOHN HARTL, SEATTLE TIMES
Body


Jonathan Demme's ''Philadelphia'' has been widely promoted as the first Hollywood movie to deal with AIDS.
As happened with the Vietnam War and the blacklist, however, others got there first.
Indeed, it's been nearly a decade now since writer-director Arthur J. Bressan Jr. first addressed the problem with ''Buddies,'' an uncompromising shoestring-budget American movie starring Geoff Edholm as a 32-year-old gay man dying of AIDS.
''Buddies'' may be difficult to track down on videotape, but here are several AIDS films that are available on cassette:
-- ''An Early Frost'' -- Network television's first attempt at an AIDS drama is often dismissed as a disease-of-the-week drama, but it's more than that, thanks to stand-out performances by Aidan Quinn and Sylvia Sidney.
-- ''Parting Glances'' -- The best AIDS movie to date, this savvy, low- budget 1986 comedy-drama was written and directed by Bill Sherwood, who was 37 when he died of AIDS in 1990.
-- ''Intimate Contact'' -- A long and harrowing 1987 British TV movie about heterosexual AIDS, starring Daniel Massey as an executive who contracted the disease from a female prostitute. Claire Bloom is his wife, who gradually learns to deal with the worst aspects of the epidemic.
-- ''Longtime Companion'' -- Made for television but released to theaters in 1990, this compassionate drama was the first AIDS movie to receive Academy Award recognition. Bruce Davison was nominated for his performance as a wealthy Fire Island man who helps his lover die, then loses his own life.
-- ''Together Alone'' -- Often described as a gay variation on ''My Dinner With Andre,'' this 1991 prize-winner about two AIDS-conscious strangers who have a one-night stand is frequently didactic and abrasive.
-- ''The Living End'' -- Proudly declaring itself ''an irresponsible movie,'' Gregg Araki's 1992 shoestring-budget production is in fact an attempt to make a morally charged statement about the AIDS crisis. Its gay, HIV- positive characters take to the road like the desperate characters in many a fugitive-on-the-run movie.
-- ''And the Band Played On'' -- Hollywood and the networks passed on Randy Shilts' angry book about the beginnings of the AIDS epidemic and the short- sightedness of the Reagan administration. Home Box Office finally filmed it last year, with mixed results. This too-brief, compromised film ultimately does communicate poignance and urgency.

Load-Date: September 15, 1994


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Workers Battle To Educate Hispanics About AIDS



AIDS Workers Battle To Educate Hispanics About AIDS
The Associated Press
April 6, 1993, Tuesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1993 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 980 words
Byline: By ANITA SNOW, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


Guillermo Garcia spends his Sunday nights among the Latin-American men sipping beer and listening to female impersonators croon Spanish love songs in the gay bars of Jackson Heights.
Armed with Spanish-language brochures and condoms, the 29-year-old Venezuelan quietly tells men from Colombia, from Argentina, from Cuba about the dangers of unprotected sex, and of SIDA - the Spanish acrynom for AIDS.
Elsewhere in the city, health workers drive a Winnebago into drug-ravaged neighborhoods to give immigrants from Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic condoms and bleach kits for sterilizing needles.
And on the West Coast, in Ventura County, Calif., Roberto Rojas carries condoms and the message of safe sex to the dusty camps of Mexican farm workers.
These are some of the front-line warriors in the battle to educate Spanish speakers in the United States about a disease claiming more Hispanics each year.
Officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta estimate that there are thousands of AIDS educators like Garcia and Rojas across the country who travel into urban barrios, suburban neighborhoods and migrant farm camps where Hispanics live.
"For them, it is a labor of love to get the word out, to reach these hard- to-reach people," said Bill Parra, deputy director of the CDC's Office of HIV-AIDS. "As far as I am concerned, they are heroes."
Spanish-language public service TV, radio and newspaper announcements are designed to reach a big chunk of the nation's 24 million Hispanics. But the outreach workers focus on those most at risk - immigrants who know little about the virus, people who use intravenous drugs, men who have sex with men.
"It really is a battle," said Garcia, an educator with the Hispanic AIDS Forum, a nonprofit agency in New York that has a staff of 40 and operates on an annual budget of $ 2 million.
"I don't want to keep seeing my people die," he said.
While the number of new AIDS cases among many U.S. groups has leveled off, the disease continues to spread among Hispanics, jumping from 4,816 new cases of full-blown AIDS in 1990 to 8,285 new cases last year, according to the CDC.
By the end of 1992, 41,172 Hispanics in the United States - or about 16 percent of the people known to have AIDS nationwide - had been diagnosed with the disease, it said.
In New York City alone, 12,724 Hispanics had been diagnosed with AIDS by the end of 1992, or about 31 percent of all Hispanics with AIDS in this country.
The outreach workers face tremendous barriers in educating Hispanics, and in helping them change risky behavior.
Many Hispanics, especially recent immigrants, do not know English or do not know it well. And many of the immigrants are poor and do not have access to adequate health care or information.
But the most daunting barrier may be cultural, AIDS education workers say.
The chief victims of AIDS in the United States have been homosexual men and intravenous drug users. AIDS workers recommend abstinence, monogamy or the use of latex condoms to guard against sexual transmission of the virus, and that needles or syringes be used only once or sterilized with bleach to bar against intravenous transmission.
Sex remains a taboo subject for many Hispanics, said Rojas, a health educator for Clinicas del Camino Real, a group of nonprofit public medical clinics in Ventura County.
Most Hispanics grew up as members of the Roman Catholic Church, which insists upon abstinence for single people and fidelity within marriage.
"Of course, we know that in the real world it's different," Rojas said. "There is a lot of promiscuity among some of these men."
The church also prohibits use of artificial birth control methods, including condoms.
"These men are not accustomed to using family planning," Rojas said of the migrants he works with. "And it's hard to convince them to use condoms."
Machismo - traditional male dominance - is another problem.
In a macho world, homosexuality is frowned upon. Thus, many Hispanic men who have sex with other men insist that they are not gay as long as they are the dominant partner.
"The one in the passive position is considered the gay person; the dominant partner is the macho," Rojas said. "The problem is that our men do not realize that even though they are doing the penetrating, they are at risk."
Bisexual activity - either among themselves or with male prostitutes - is common among workers who leave wives or girlfriends behind in Mexico to follow the crops in the United States, said Rojas. Sex with female prostitutes also is common, he said.
And if male dominance is a problem in trying to get people to change their behavior, so is female submissiveness.
"If a woman insists that the man use a condom, he could start accusing her of things," Rojas said. "Like, 'Where have you been? What have you done?"'
Such macho indignation was the focus of the first installment of the saga of Julio and Marisol, a couple whose dilemma over safe sex is told comic strip-style, in both Spanish and English, in New York City's subways.
"Julio and Marisol's Decision" is part of the New York City Health Department's AIDS awareness campaign targeting Hispanics.
In the first installment, Julio storms out after a weeping Marisol refuses to have sex without a condom. "I love you, but not enough to die for you," she says.
Miguelina Maldonado, Hispanic AIDS Forum's executive director, said such education campaigns are helpful, "but they don't address the skills needed to carry out risk-reduction behavior."
Along with visits to gay bars and to New York's drug-devastated South Bronx, the forum teaches Hispanic women how to insist on safe sex.
Through "De Mujer a Mujer (Woman to Woman)," the women meet weekly for four to six weeks.
"We attempt to help the women develop a support group and learn how to protect themselves," Maldonado said. "Our approach, in all our programs, is to teach empowerment."


End of Document
Page  of AIDS AWARENESS WEEK: AIDS information centre draws few customers



AIDS AWARENESS WEEK: AIDS information centre draws few customers
Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)
October 7, 1991 Monday Burlington Edition


Copyright 1991 Metroland Media Group Ltd
Section: TODAY; Pg. T1; News
Length: 686 words
Byline: Craig Sumi
Body


RUI PIRIE'S eyes dart away from the magazine he's reading and fix on his wristwatch.
It's just before 3 p.m. and so far, no business.
He's the staff person at the AIDS information centre right here in Burlington, a not-for-profit service for people who want information about the killer disease.
It's been open every Wednesday afternoon since April, but most days Rui spends reading and glancing at his watch -- business is slow.
THE SPECTATOR
In six months, or about 100 hours, of operation only 30 people have dropped by.
It could be location or it could be timing, Rui tells me.
But he knows that attitude probably has the most to do with it.
"In suburbia, people have the attitude that AIDS doesn't affect them," he says. "If they do run into it, it's an obscure thing or they think it must be homosexual-related."
"Most people still consider AIDS to be a gay disease."
"Isn't it?" I ask. "Don't the statistics show that the majority of cases are spread through homosexual encounter?"
Before you can say Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, Rui responds.
"We can look at past statistics and say a large number do come from this segment of the population," he says. "But in the next five or 10 years, can we say that all other people are not going to be affected? I don't think so."
Rui knows a lot about AIDS and when he speaks, there is compassion and conviction in his voice. He seems driven by the need to lift the secrecy and stigma of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.
Secrecy and stigma bother him.
While going to high school in Mississauga, Rui was told his French teacher was sick with a tropical disease and would miss the remainder of the year.
It turned out the teacher had AIDS. He died.
"I didn't know he had AIDS until the next year at commencement, when they handed out an award in his name.
"It was covered up, like some thing dirty. That's stuck with me."
Now, as the education coordinator for the Hamilton AIDS Network for Dialogue and Support (HANDS), he's committed his life to removing the stigma.
Sometimes it's tough. There's a lot of ignorance out there, people who still believe you can get AIDS from a toilet seat or a mosquito bite and people who think you have to be gay or an IV drug user to get the disease.
Homophobia is another obstacle.
Halton isn't a San Francisco or a New York or even a Toronto, where you often see gay men holding hands in public. People here have a hard time accepting anything other than a straight heterosexual relationship, Rui says.
Rui tells me he's heard of gay men who have come out of the closet, only to be disowned by their friends and relatives.
He says being called names is a way of life for gay men. So are death threats. One gay man in Hamilton was found lying unconscious in an alley with boot marks on the side of his head.
"The suicide rate is three times higher for gay men than for the rest of the population," he says. "There is such a tremendous feeling of isolation."
As he speaks, I wonder whether Rui himself is gay, there is so much emotion in his words, but I'm afraid to ask.
He glances at his watch again. Almost 4 p.m. and still no business, not even a phone call.
The conversation shifts back to the centre and its future.
The six-month pilot project, aimed primarily at high school students and the under-25 crowd, finishes at the end of October and won't likely be extended.
Rui says HANDS and the Halton health department might have to change their approach to educating youth on the subject.
"If they won't come to us, maybe we'll have to go to them," he says. "We can't just leave it up to parents because they are saying they don't want to deal with it. That leaves the schools, the malls and the street corners to get the safe sex message out."
Finally, I ask Rui if he's gay.
An individual's sexual preference shouldn't matter, but as a reporter it's important to know where the person you're talking to is coming from.
"Yes, I'm openly gay," he says with no hesitation.
"But, you know, if you put (that) in the paper, parents in Burlington won't want their kids coming around here to get information."
I think about. It's sad, but he's probably right.

Graphic

 
Confirmed AIDS Cases in Halton Confirmed AIDS Cases in Canada Burlington Spectator Graphic

Load-Date: October 4, 2002


End of Document
Page  of The princess and the president talk about AIDS aids aids



The princess and the president talk about AIDS aids aids
$% Agence France Presse -- English english english
March 17, 1997 1997 1997 1714 1714 171417:14 GMT gmt gmt


Copyright 1997 Agence France Presse presse presse
Section: International news news news
Length: 680 words
Body


CAPE TOWN, March 17 (AFP) - Britain's visiting Princess Diana met South African President Nelson Mandela for half-an-hour at his official residence here Monday, mostly discussing the spread of AIDS.
Princess Diana, who slipped secretly into the country on Friday for a private visit, said she was "absolutely thrilled" to meet the president.
The 77-year-old former political prisoner appeared even more in awe of her.  "I did not know I would meet a beautiful princess." he said. "I told her I am still trembling." trembling." trembling."
Diana's appearance with the president on the steps of his home, Genadendal, at the foot of Table Mountain, finally satisfied the hordes of local and foreign journalists with whom she has played hide-and-seek since she arrived.
Prince Charles' ex-wife flew to Cape Town first class on a South African Airways flight to help celebrate the third birthday of her niece, the daughter of her brother the Earl Charles Spencer, who settled here 18 months ago.
"I came here to discuss the situation about AIDS in the country with the president and that's what we have been discussing," said Diana, who wore a long brown dress with white polka dots and tan shoes for the occassion.
She told journalists assembled on the president's lawn that in their discussions about "the problems the country has" with AIDS, "I said that if I can help in any way I would be very glad to do so."
Mandela, in turn, praised the princess' efforts in helping remove the fear about the disease.
He recounted a story about a prisoner who told a judge he had AIDS, whereupon the entire court fled. "The judge, the prosecutor, everybody ran out of the court," Mandela said.
"But when she (Diana) went to open a hospital for AIDS we saw her sitting on the bed of AIDS patients, and shaking hands with them. That changed the perception dramatically in regard to AIDS."
He also complimented her for visiting Angola to meet children crippled by land mines, a tour that provoked controversy back in Britain.
"That helped create an awareness of the dangers of land mines and to some extent, we were influenced also by the lead that she took in this regard, and we have banned the production of mines in our country," he said.
Diana was accompanied to Genadendal by the British High Commissioner, Maeve Fort.
A South African newspaper, unable themselves to get a picture of the elusive princess since she arrived, on Sunday offered 1,000 rands (439 dollars) to any reader who could snap her.
But, despite the determined pack of paparazzi staking out her brother's mansion in upmarket Constantia suburg, and chasing rumoured sightings of her in Hout Bay and Stellenbosch, no one has yet been able to claim the reward.
President Mandela is officially resting this week, until his next official engagements which will involve meetings with UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, Hillary Clinton, wife of the US president, and American comedian Bill Cosby.
His staff said they were encouraging him to rest after his hectic 10-day tour of South East Asia, and before another visit next week to Bangladesh and India.
"My health is fine," Mandela said.
mh-sbm/ns
AFP afp afp

Load-Date: March 17, 1997


End of Document
Page  of Son, injected at 11 months, now has AIDS aids aids



Son, injected at 11 months, now has AIDS aids aids
$%Charleston Gazette (West Virginia) virginia) virginia)
January 09, 1999, Saturday saturday saturday


Copyright 1999 Charleston Newspapers newspapers newspapers
Section: News; Pg. P6C P6C P6C
Length: 269 words
Byline: Jim Salter salter salter
Body


ST. CHARLES, Mo. (AP) - A man who injected his son with the AIDS virus
to avoid paying child support was sentenced to life in prison Friday
by a judge who warned he is going to "burn in hell from here to
eternity." eternity." eternity."
Brian Stewart, 32, of Columbia, Ill., stared straight ahead as Judge
Ellsworth Cundiff handed down the maximum sentence for first-degree
assault. The judge said he wished the sentence could have been
stronger.
"My thought is injecting a child with the HIV virus really puts you in
the same category as the worst war criminal," Cundiff said. "I
believe when God finally calls you, you are going to burn in hell from
here to eternity."
Stewart was convicted Dec. 6 of injecting AIDS-tainted blood into the
boy, who was then 11 months old, during a hospital visit in 1992. The
child, now 7, was diagnosed with AIDS in 1996. If the boy dies,
Stewart could be tried for murder.
Prosecutors said Stewart was trying to avoid child-support payments.
Stewart, who worked as a hospital technician at the time, stole the
blood from his workplace, prosecutors said.
At the sentencing, the boy's mother, identified only as Jennifer,
tearfully read a statement from the boy in which he said: "I feel mad.
I think he shouldn't ever be out of jail. He shouldn't have done this.
Why did he do such a bad thing to me?"
Stewart's attorney Joseph Murphy, said he has already filed an appeal.
"He's innocent," Murphy said.
The defense contended the boy could have contracted the virus a number
of other ways. However, the boy had never had a blood transfusion, and
a medical exam found no evidence of sexual abuse.  abuse.  abuse.

Load-Date: January 9, 1999


End of Document
Page  of AIDS' Achilles' Heel?



AIDS' Achilles' Heel?
Newsweek
November 4, 1996 , UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1996 Newsweek
Section: SOCIETY; Medicine; Pg. 68
Length: 260 words
Body


IN THE EARLY 1980S, WHEN gay men in San Francisco began showing up with a rare, disfiguring skin cancer called Kaposi's sarcoma, doctors realized that a strange new disease had taken hold. Now it turns out that Kaposi's, which accounts for about one third of AIDS deaths, may have an Achilles' heel: when cells of this purplish tumor are injected with the pregnancy hormone "human chorionic gonadotropin," the tumor can disappear.
The study, reported last week in The New England Journal of Medicine, used 37 gay or bisexual men with both AIDS and Kaposi's. The highest dose of hCG, found researchers led by Dr. Robert Gallo of the University of Maryland, made 90 to 100 percent of the cancer cells commit suicide. In five of six patients who received the highest dose, the tumors disappeared and have not returned for up to five months. Although the scientists are not sure how hCG works, it seems to lock onto a cancer cell's docking ports -- receptors -- and signal the cell's DNA to run its suicide software.
But the true significance of the paper may be what it does not say. It is an open secret in the AIDS research community that Gallo's lab is in hot pursuit of hCG's effects on AIDS. The team began its hCG work when they accidentally injected pregnant mice (who have lots of a hormone analogous to hCG) with Kaposi's cells; the mice did not develop tumors, perhaps because the hormone fights the AIDS virus. If Gallo's next study of hCG and AIDS is as stunning as the buzz among researchers suggests, then Kaposi's will loom even larger in AIDS history.

Load-Date: November 8, 1996


End of Document
Page  of Lions recycle glasses, hearing aids aids



Lions recycle glasses, hearing aids aids
$%Charleston Gazette (West Virginia) virginia)
December 09, 1999, Thursday thursday


Copyright 1999 Charleston Newspapers newspapers
Section: Metro East; Pg. P10 p10
Length: 480 words
Body


West Virginia Lions Public Relations Chairman Jim McMillon announced
has that the Lions Clubs of West Virginia are in search of used
eyeglasses and hearing aids to help benefit those in need.
He said, "More than 6,000 Lions in more than 200 Lions Clubs in West
Virginia encourage the public to donate these items, which are
recycled to enhance the blessings of sight and hearing. Lions are
known for their work with the blind, visually and hearing impaired,
youth and charitable and humanitarian efforts. This recycling effort effort
is world wide."
McMillon pointed out that "The World Health Organization estimates
that the eyesight of one-fourth of the world's population can be
improved through the use of corrective lenses. Unfortunately for many,
a pair of glasses is both unaffordable and inaccessible. In developing
countries, an eye exam costs as much as one month's wages and a single 
doctor may serve a community of hundreds of thousands of people. For
nearly 70 years, individual Lions Clubs and districts in the U.S.,
Canada and several other developed countries have collected old,
unwanted eyeglasses for re-distribution to the poor in developing
nations."
He went on to say, "through our West Virginia Lions Sight Conservation
Foundation we provide needed complex surgeries and complicated
procedures thanks to the help of volunteer efforts from the WV Lions
Eye Center in Morgantown, W.Va ophthalmologists, eye physicians,
surgeons, anesthesiologists and funding provided primarily by Lions
Clubs in the state. The Lions Sight Foundation also works with W.Va.
audiologists who can refurbish used hearing aides for relatively low
costs to the Lions. We can then provide the hearing aids when they are
needed."
Those interested in donating used eyeglasses or hearing aides, can
bring them to their local Lions Club. Many Lions Clubs throughout the
state have placed receptacles for the glasses and hearing aids at
locations in the communities they serve. McMillon said that several
clubs have worked with local post offices to obtain "retired
mailboxes" that are refurbished, repainted and used to let the public
deposit their used glasses and hearing aids.
He mentioned a recent example of how Lions help each other and their
communities with this program. The newly chartered Charleston Gold
Dome Lions Club, eager to get involved, contacted their neighboring
South Charleston Lions Club, who had recently obtained and refurbished
some of the mailboxes. The South Charleston Lions gave the new club
one of them. The Gold Dome Lions then decorated the box with Lions
emblems and lettered requests for glasses and hearing aids donations
on the box. It will be placed in the State Capitol Cafeteria as a
collection point. Gold Dome Lions will empty the box and send the
glasses and hearing aids to their recycling resources.
For more information, call the WV Lions State Secretary at
1-800-233-0786
Pin-0751.  0751.

Load-Date: December 10, 1999


End of Document
Page  of AIDS



AIDS
CNN Health Works
September 28, 1991


Copyright 1991 Cable News Network, Inc.  All rights reserved
Section: News; Package
Length: 627 words
Byline: ANDREW HOLTZ; DAN RUTZ;
Highlight: The National Commission on AIDS has released a study after two years of effort. It calls for sweeping changes and more involvement on the part of the public.
Body


HOLTZ: While the emotional testimony of AIDS patient Kimberly Bergalis fueled congressional debate over AIDS testing of health-care workers this week, the National Commission on AIDS issued a report saying poor leadership and public indifference are more serious threats to the fight against AIDS.  Jeff Levine has more.
 
JEFF LEVINE, Health Week: [voice-over] The report's message is that America has failed to come to grips with the AIDS epidemic and that the problem starts right at the top.
LARRY KESSLER, AIDS Commission: It's time for behavioral change in the White House, in every state house, in every city hall, and in every household.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] Two years in the making, the report America: Living with AIDS, argues that the assault against the HIV infection has been crippled by resources and leadership inadequate to the task.
 
DAN BROSS, AIDS Action Council: Well, Mr. President, read this report and hear the news.  Entire families die of AIDS.  People with AIDS have families.  People with AIDS are voters.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] Since 1981, AIDS has been diagnosed in more than 186,000 in the U.S. More than 118,000 of those have died.
 
Dr. DAVID ROGERS, Vice Chairman, AIDS Committee: This is the crisis, the domestic crisis, really, of our times.  The fact that it is not captured the attention of the American public is something that we're trying to overcome.
 
Mayor RAY FLYNN, Boston: Denial and neglect continue to pose a threat as deadly as the virus itself.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] The commission advises both Congress and the president, and it's offering a sweeping plan to improve the nation's response to AIDS.  Among the recommendations - the creation of a national AIDS plan, providing universal access to health care - or at least expanded interim coverage through Federal and state Medicaid programs - and legalizing needle possession to reduce the risk of transmission among drug abusers.
 
DONALD GOLDMAN, AIDS Commission: Unless action is taken, the ranks of the uninsured and underinsured will continue to grow.  Opportunities for HIV infection, prevention, counseling, and early intervention will continue to be missed.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] The Administration indicates it won't pursue a sweeping reform of U.S. health policy to accommodate AIDS patients.
 
Dr. JAMES ALLEN, Public Health Service: There are an estimated 37 million people without any insurance and that there are millions of other people who are underinsured, but that doesn't mean that a federal, universal health program is the best answer.
 
LEVINE: [voice-over] In addition to their disease, the report says AIDS patients are the victims of another epidemic - prejudice.
 
HARLON DALTON, AIDS Commission: AIDS discrimination is alive and well in America.  Indeed, discrimination is on the rise.  Discrimination that's fed by fear and loathing of disease itself.
 
LEVINE: If anything, fear and loathing of AIDS is likely to grow.  The report estimates that by the end of 1993, the death toll from the epidemic will have exceeded 350,000.
 
HOLTZ: The only member of the National Commission on AIDS to actually have the disease, Belinda Mason, died from it earlier this month.
 
[voice-over] Next on Health Week - looking back over a decade of News From Medicine.  Where have we come from and where are we going?
 
Have you solved the problems that you had a decade ago?
 
JOHN LEE, Sisters of Providence: We haven't solved them yet, but I think there's great hope.
 
HOLTZ: [voice-over] Changes in how we pay the bills.
 
[Commercial break]
 
The preceding text has been professionally transcribed.  However, although the text has been checked against an audio track, in order to meet rigid distribution and transmission deadlines, it has not yet been proofread against videotape.

Load-Date: August 25, 1993


End of Document
Page  of FED: AIDS



FED: AIDS
AAP NEWSFEED
August 13, 1999, Friday


Copyright 1999 AAP Information Services Pty. Ltd.
Section: Nationwide General News; Australian General News
Length: 389 words
Byline: By Rada Rouse, National Medical Correspondent
Body


- it's the big one, and other viruses like it VIROLOGY AIDS
 SYDNEY, Aug 13 AAP - New viruses are taking root around the world because of the fertile ground provided by the huge numbers of people with weak immunity due to AIDS, infectious diseases experts said today.    Organ transplantation and cancer therapy were adding to this
 pool of susceptible human beings, warned Dr Brian Mahy from US National Centre for Disease Control (CDC).
 Speaking to journalists at the eleventh International Congress of Virology, Dr Mahy said it was estimated there were now 33 million people currently alive and infected with HIV.
"This has undoubtedly resulted in an expansion of the ability of viruses to replicate to the extent that we can then detect them," he said.
 "There is no doubt that many of the new viruses we have been able to characterise in humans have been first accomplished in AIDS patients."
 A virus related to the trench fever of World War I had turned up in a homeless man in Texas, USA, who was HIV-infected.
 "We didn't believe that this organism was around any longer," Dr Mahy said.
 Other viruses found first in AIDS patients included a strain of herpes detected within a Karposi's sarcoma tumour", and a virus called "toro" ,which until it was found in the faeces of HIV-infected gay men in a CDC study, had been considered confined to cattle.
 "There's no doubt at all that opportunistic infections are the most common thing that an HIV-infected person usually dies from," he said.
 Professor Simon Wain-Hobson, from the French Institut Pasteur, said while the world feared emerging diseases such as ebola, it was HIV and the conditions for viral replication which it was creating that remained the key concern.
 "We need a Richter scale for microbes," he said.
 "I would put ebola on a scale at about 3(three), and HIV would be a 9 (nine).
 "HIV is the big one, moving remorselessly through the human population, just like smallpox was the big one...and influenza may be another big one."
 Prof Wain-Hobson predicted the spread of HIV would continue for many years to come.
 "The virus has solved all its problems, it's got its genes, it's got its strategy...and everything says the curve (of infection) is just going up and up and up," he said.
 AAP rr/ah    

Load-Date: August 13, 1999


End of Document
Page  of Young gays 'ignoring' AIDS risk



Young gays 'ignoring' AIDS risk
The Advertiser
July 10, 1996, Wednesday


Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 376 words
Body


Young gay men are ignoring safeguards against AIDS and putting
themselves at high risk of catching the disease, say researchers.
Dr John de Wit of the University of Utrecht, in The Netherlands, said
yesterday studies since the early 1990s were finding gay men in their
teens and 20s engaged in riskier behavior than their older peers.
Research detailed at the International Conference on AIDS in
Vancouver, Canada, indicates these men have a higher rate of new
infection with the human immunodeficiency virus which causes AIDS.
"The epidemic of HIV among young gay men is not only an individual
tragedy, but is certainly also a major health concern," said Dr de
Wit.
The trend, first spotted in San Francisco a few years ago, has now
been documented across the United States, Europe and Canada.
Dr de Wit said in some parts of the US, as many as one in 10 young gay
men carried the virus and the risk seemed to be especially high for
non-white minorities.
"The figures are high, very high, especially if we consider that
these young men have become sexually active in an era in which massive
effort was exerted to increase awareness of HIV risk behaviors and to
promote safer sex," said Dr de Wit.
Risky sex fell dramatically among older gay men after the epidemic
emerged in the early 1980s.
Conference co-chairman Dr Michael Rekart said young gay men had not
had the experience of their friends and lovers dying of AIDS.
"The young feel invincible," he said.
A study of 500 young gay men in Boston, to be presented this week,
found that initially, 26 per cent said they engaged in unprotected
sex. A second survey six months later showed the number had risen to
30 per cent.
In fact, a variety of surveys have found about one-third of gay men in
their 20s typically engage in anal sex without condoms, the riskiest
form of homosexual behavior.
Research suggests they are two to three times more likely than older
gay men to be infected with HIV.
Public health experts said addressing the problem would be complicated
and the statistics illustrated that information alone did not change
behavior.
Dr de Wit said these men also needed better skills for negotiating
safe-sex practices in relationships.
The conference has attracted a record 15,000 scientists, social
workers and HIV-positive people.

Load-Date: March 6, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS REFUSENIKS



AIDS REFUSENIKS
The Guardian (London)
December 10, 1993


Copyright 1993 Guardian Newspapers Limited
Section: THE GUARDIAN WEEKEND PAGE; Pg. 35
Length: 566 words
Byline: LUC TORRES
Body


 THE FACTS of the Aids epidemic and its prevalence, above all, in Africa might seem incontrovertible. However, there are dissidents:
 AFRICA IS not in the grip of an Aids epidemic, and false assertions that the continent is being devastated by HIV are leading to a tragic diversion of resources from genuine medical needs, according to a growing body of expert opinion. Critics say the conventional view has led to a huge emphasis on HIV counselling and condom distribution, while real scourges such as malaria, tuberculosis and malnutrition go untreated. Some of the 'heretics' even maintain there is no evidence of a new sexually transmitted disease in Africa. Where death rates have increased, they say, it is because of civil war, poverty linked to economic decline, and growing use of hard drugs.
Neville Hodgkinson, Sunday Times, March 1993.
 THIS WEEK, a decade on, it was finally acknowledged that the widespread panic which swept Britain in the wake of the early Aids epidemic was generated not by sound scientific fact, but by fears which never materialised here. The campaign was fuelled by wrong information and groundless statistics, promoted by a Politically Correct gay lobby simultaneously trying to remove the age-old stigma of homosexuality and - crucially - by celebrities whose opinion carried great weight with the public. It was financed by millions of pounds from the Government, industry and charities.
 Paul Harris, Daily Mail, May 1993.
 NUMEROUS interests, commercial, financial, political and even religious are served by the idea that an epidemic of a new sexually transmitted disease is ripping through Africa. It distracts attention from rising death rates caused by economic exploitation and decline following periods of unsustainable population growth.  It keeps the Aids industry alive in the wake of the collapse of its predictions of an epidemic in Europe. It provides a marketplace for test kits, condoms and vaccine trials, a breeding ground for charities, a field of action for researchers and a vehicle for the projection of Western fears about the consequences of sexual promiscuity.
 Neville Hodgkinson, Sunday Times, October 1993.
 INVESTMENT in the myth of Aids in Africa enable disinvestment in overcoming genuinely epidemic diseases of poverty such as malnutrition, malaria and tuberculosis. This is having genocidal consequences.
 Letter in Sunday Times from Wilmette Brown, of International Black Women for Wages for Housework, November 1993.
 EVER SINCE people started talking about Aids 10 years ago, medical researchers have been desperately trying to convince the world that it is a heterosexual affliction, reckoning on all the billions of dollars in research budgets which might become available.
 Auberon Waugh, Daily Telegraph, February 1993.
 THE TRUTH is that Aids itself is not infectious. It is the virus known as HIV that can be passed from person to person through blood contact. Many people believe that the cause of Aids is solely HIV. But it is not. One of the causes of Aids is HIV. But the onset of Aids is hugely encouraged by high-risk behaviour - by which I mean promiscuous homosexual behaviour or aberrant sex or drug taking - among people with HIV.
 Gordon Stewart, Emeritus Professor of public health at Glasgow University, Daily Mail, April 1993.
 Compiled by Luc Torres

Load-Date: December 13, 1993


End of Document
Page  of AIDS



AIDS
 Medical & Healthcare Marketplace Guide
January 1997


Copyright 1997 Responsive Database Services, Inc.
All Rights Reserved
Business and Industry
Length: 1926 words
Highlight: An estimated $8.8 billion was spent worldwide in 1996 on AIDS research, prevention and care discusses rate of viral spread, treatment and other issues
Body


ABSTRACT:
An estimated $8.8 billion was spent worldwide in 1996 on AIDS research, prevention and care. There were 400,000 new cases of HIV invection in children in 1996 for a current total of 830,000 HIV-infected children. Cumulative, there are 29,400,000 cases of HIV infection, 8,400,000 cases of AIDS and 6,400,000 deaths due to AIDS. In the US, the HIV virus has spread to a new generation, and in cities such as San Francisco, New York and Pittsburgh, the rate of HIV infection among homosexual and bisexual men aged 17-22 is about 8%. In Latin America, an increasing number of women and children are becoming infected. In Sao Paulo, HIV prevalence in male patients at venereal disease clinics remained stable in 1993-94, whereas among women it increased by 500%. In Russia in 1996, 190 people out of 45,507 intravenous drug users tested for HIV had positive test results, vs no positive results reported in 1994. In Nikolayev, on the Black Sea in Ukraine, the percentage of drug users infected with HIV increased from 1.7% to 56.6% in 1995. In Sub-Saharan Africa, some 63% of the people worldwide who are infected with HIV are in Sub-Saharan Africa. In India, some 50% of prostitutes in Bombay are infected with HIV, and the virus is spreading to rural areas via migrant workers and truck drivers. In Burma, HIV rates in prostitutes rose from 4% in 1992 to 18% in 1995. In Thailand, prevention methods have lowered the infection rates in men, but the virus is spreading among women and children, with approximately 6,400 children/yr getting infected. In Viet Nam, HIV rates in prostitutes increased from 9% in 1992 to 38% in 1995. In China, the number of people infected with the virus increased from 10,000 in 1993 to 100,000 people in 1995.
The year 1996 may have been a watershed year for treatment of AIDS in the United States. Many patients are experiencing significant declines in the levels of circulating HIV in their bloodstreams, and this general trend is resulting from taking combinations of two to four drugs, usually including one of three potent protease inhibitors marketed in 1996. Full text discusses the first significant decline in AIDS deaths in New York City in 1996 since reporting of AIDS deaths began in 1983, gene therapy, vaccines and a new vaccine initiative.
An estimated $8.8 billion was spent worldwide in 1996 on AIDS research, prevention and care.
Epidemiology

The prevalence of AIDS in 1996 is summarized in the table below
AreaPeople LivingChangeWho Are of PeopleDeathswith HIV/AIDS1992-1996WomenAge 15-45in 1996(%)(%)(%)N America750,000-13200.561,300L America1,300,00043200.670,900Caribbean 270,0004740+1.714,500Sub-SahAfr14,000,0003750+5.6783,700N Afr-M East200,00046200.110,800W Europe510,0002200.221,000CE Europe50,000238 200.0151,000SSE Asia5,200,00026130+0.6143,700E Asia100,000658200.0011,200AustNZ13,000- 14200.11,000Source: UNAIDS
The incidence of AIDS in 1996 is summarized in the table below.
HIV infections in children
New in 1996:400,000Current total:830,000HIV infections in adults and childrenNew in 1996:3,100,000Current total:22,600,000Deaths in 1996:1,500,000Cumulative numbersInfections:29,400,000AIDS cases:8,400,000Deaths:6,400,000
How AIDS Patients Became Infected in 1996 -
Cases by Mode of Transmission
Transmission ModeWorld U.S.Heterosexual70%-75%8%Homosexual5%-10%51%Intravenous Drug Use5%-10%25%Blood Transfusions3%-5%1%Homosexual and IV Drug Use-7%Other0%-17%8%Source: UNAIDS
Principal Modes of Transmission by Areas of the World in 1996
North America
male homosexual, intravenous drug use and heterosexualLatin Americamale homosexual, intravenous drug use and heterosexualCaribbeanheterosexualSub-Saharan AfricaheterosexualN Africa-Mid Eastintravenous drug use, heterosexualW Europemale homosexual, intravenous drug use and heterosexualC/E Europe-C Asiaintravenous drug use, male homosexualS/SE AsiaheterosexualE Asia-Pacificintravenous drug use and heterosexual, male homosexualAustralia/N Zealandmale homosexual, intravenous drug use and heterosexualSource: UNAIDSThe nature of the global AIDS epidemic can also be appreciated by facts such as the following: - United States: The HIV virus has spread to a new generation, and in cities such as San Francisco, New York and Pittsburgh, the rate of HIV infection among homosexual and bisexual men ages 17 through 22 is about 8% - Latin America: Increasing numbers of women and children are becoming infected. In Sao Paulo, HIV prevalence is male patients at venereal disease clinics remained stable between 1993 and 1994, whereas among women it increased by 500%. - Russia: In 1996, 190 out of 45,507 intravenous drug users tested for HIV had positive test results, while no positive results had been reported in 1994. - Ukraine: In Nikolayev, on the Black Sea, the percentage of drug users infected with HIV increased from 1.7% to 56.6% during 1995. - Sub-Saharan Africa: Some 63% of the people worldwide who are infected with HIV are in Sub-Saharan Africa. - India: Some 50% of prostitutes in Bombay are infected with HIV, and the virus is spreading to rural areas via migrant workers and truck drivers. - Burma: HIV rates in prostitutes rose from 4% in 1992 to 18% in 1995. - Thailand: Prevention methods have lower the infection rates in men, but the virus is spreading among women and children and approximately 6,400 children are infected annually. - Viet Nam: HIV rates in prostitutes increased from 9% in 1992 to 38% in 1995. - China: The number of people infected with the virus increased from 10,000 in 1993 to 100,000 in 1995.
The year 1996 may have been a watershed year for treatment of AIDS in the United States. Many patients are experiencing significant declines in the levels of circulating HIV in their bloodstreams, and this general trend is resulting from taking combinations of two to four drugs, usually including one of three potent protease inhibitors marketed in 1996.
During the Fourth Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections (January 1997) it was reported that: - the first significant decline in AIDS deaths was observed in New York City - patients in very advanced stages of disease can benefit dramatically from the new drug cocktails - patients treated within months of being infected experienced a sharp, long-lasting reduction in virus in blood and in tissue elsewhere in their bodies.
New York City's Department of Health reported that AIDS-related deaths fell to 4,944 in 1996 which was a 30% decline from 7,046 in 1995. That was the first significant decrease since the reporting of AIDS deaths began in 1983.
Gene Therapy
In January 1997 the FDA granted approval to a group of researchers at City of Hope National Medical Center (Duarte, CA) for a human trial of gene therapy treatment for HIV. The treatment, which is designed to make the immune cells of HIV-infected patients resistant to HIV, focuses on stem cells, which originate in bone marrow and produce the cells that constitute the human immune system. In this study, the stem cells are being treated with anti-viral materials known as ribozymes, which function like "molecular scissors" and are engineered to recognize and sever the molecular materials necessary for HIV to replicate. Blood from patients is being extracted, particular stem cells are removed and genetically engineered to produce anti-HIV ribozymes, and reinfused into the patients. It is hoped that this ribozyme gene therapy program using bone marrow transplantation may eventually provide long lasting, or even permanent, control of HIV for those infected. In addition, this approach could replace the current two- and three-drug treatment regimens followed by HIV-positive patients or provide another option for those patients for whom these therapies are inadequate or too expensive.
Vaccines
Although an estimated $160 million was spent in 1995 on research on AIDS vaccines, the involvement of pharmaceutical companies in AIDS vaccine research was in decline, for several reasons: - the high cost of developing a vaccine - the liability problems associated with testing any HIV vaccine - the high scientific risks of pursuing vaccine of unpredictable efficacy - the uncertainty about the size of the market to be developed - the uncertainty about the price that could be charged for the product.
Complicating the situation even further was the fact that subtype B of HIV predominates in the more affluent countries of North America and Europe, while subtypes A,C,D and E predominate in developing countries where the populations are most at risk and least able to afford healthcare.
Nevertheless, progress is being made with AIDS vaccines. In August 1996, for example, it was reported (Ann Intern Med 125, 270, 1996) that a recombinant vaccine for HIV had been found to be safe and immunogenic in a trial conducted by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. In this study, the NIAID AIDS Vaccine Evaluation Group found that the SF-2 (recombinant glycoprotein) 120 vaccine was safe and immunogenic. Three vaccinations with gp120 in MF59 were able to induce type-specific and crossreactive neutralizing antibody against subtype B laboratory strains of HIV-1. Human HIV specific lymphoproliferative responses were induced in all vaccinated participants, and CD8+ cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activity was shown in one participant. Vaccination with recombinant glycoprotein 120 in MF59 was not associated with any adverse systemic reactions and produced only mild local reactions. The investigators concluded that testing in large-scale trials is needed to determine whether neutralizing antibody activity against laboratory strains of HIV-1 combined with memory T cells that can recognize HIV-1 antigens in lymphoproliferation assays and rare induction of cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activity is sufficient to partially protect against HIV-1 infection or disease progression.
New Vaccine Initiative
On May 18, 1997, speaking at the commencement exercise at Morgan State University in Baltimore, President Clinton declared that the United States was entering an age of advances in biology and outlined an agenda for ensuring that scientific breakthroughs benefit all people. He said that "If the 21st century is to be the century of biology, let us make an AIDS vaccine its first great triumph." Clinton went on to set a national target of developing an AIDS vaccine within the next ten years. Approximately $148 million will be devoted to vaccine work in the federal budget for fiscal 1998, up $17 million from fiscal 1997. -- The Pharmaceutical Researchers and Manufacturers of America responded to Clinton's call for an AIDS vaccine initiative by pointing out that developing, within the next decade, a vaccine to prevent the HIV virus that causes AIDS would require a team effort and that the pharmaceutical industry is pleased and committed to be part of the team. Alan Holmer, President of the PhRMA, also emphasized the complexity of the task involved in the new initiative. First identified only fourteen years ago, the HIV virus can copy itself from 10 billion to 30 billion times each day in the HIV patient's body. As a result, mutation rates are high, and a vaccine aimed at one variant could be rendered ineffective by ceaseless mutations. Holmer also pointed out that the pharmaceutical industry already has 42 medicines for AIDS on the market and an additional 122 medicines in development for AIDS, including 13 vaccines.
Sources: Dorland's Biomedical Database, industry sources "Time": January 6, 1997 (epidemiology)Copyright 1997 Dorlands Directories1434

Load-Date: December 29, 2004


End of Document
Page  of AIDS claims prominent gay activist



AIDS claims prominent gay activist
The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)
February 23, 1994 Wednesday Cambridge Edition


Copyright 1994 Metroland Media Group Ltd
Section: FRONT; Pg. A9; Obituary
Length: 351 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


(Reuter) - Dr. Bruce Voeller, a prominent gay rights advocate and the man credited with coining the acronym AIDS, has died of the disease, a spokesman said Tuesday. He was 59.
Voeller, a leading AIDS researcher who earlier in his career founded the National Gay Task Force, died at his home in suburban Topanga on Feb. 13, Richard Lucik, a spokesman for the Mariposa Education and Research Foundation said.
REUTER
The Los Angeles-based foundation, which Lucik created in 1980 to research ways of reducing the risks of sexually transmitted diseases, particularly acquired immune deficiency syndrome, said in a statement that Voeller died "of the very disease he fought so valiantly to conquer."
The statement said Voeller decided on the term AIDS because it more accurately reflected the deadly disease and he felt strongly that the then-commonly used acronym, GRID, for gay related immune disorder, stigmatized the disease as being one that only attacked gays.
Voeller announced his homosexuality in 1964 at the age of 39. At the time he was married with three children and his actions led to a bitter divorce and a legal battle over child visitation rights.
In 1973, along with former New York health commissioner, Dr. Howard Brown, Voeller founded the leading U.S. gay education and civil rights organization, the National Gay Task Force, and served as its executive director until 1978.
He brought a lesbian rights activist, Jean O'Leary, into the organization as co-director to make it a gay and lesbian coalition.
As a researcher, Voeller pioneered the testing of spermicides for their ability to prevent the spread of sexually transmitted diseases, particularly gonorrhea and HIV, the virus believed to cause AIDS.
In conjunction with the Centres for Disease Control in Atlanta, Voeller proved through clinical trials that nonoxynol-9, the chief active agent in most spermicides, was effective in killing HIV before it could be passed on.
"Voeller and his CDC colleagues' discovery opened an entire new possibility, through chemical barriers, for reducing the sexual spread of HIV," the foundation's statement said.

Load-Date: September 21, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS catastrophe



AIDS catastrophe
The Scotsman
December 2, 1996, Monday


Copyright 1996 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.
Section: Pg. 10
Length: 451 words
Byline: Leader
Body


 WITH yet another World AIDS Day having been observed, the question arises: do we still need to be specially concerned about the disease?  In Scotland the dire predictions of the 1980s, when the HIV virus was spreading at a phenomenal rate in certain communities, have not come to pass. Experts then forecast 290-500 new cases a year by 1991: in fact, the highest annual total of new cases so far has been 129, recorded last year. But it would be dangerous to conclude either that we have the epidemic beaten or that the threat of HIV was overstated. In Scotland, as everywhere else in the world, the risk of infection is greater today than it has ever been as the pool of people carrying the virus swells. Worldwide, 22 million people are HIV-positive and their numbers increase by more than 8,000 every day. With no vaccine yet on the horizon, slowing the spread of the virus depends predominantly on behaviour change - and that, in turn, depends on high levels of public awareness and knowledge about protection. It also depends on tackling the social and conditions - such as poverty, the subordination of women, discrimination and taboos about sex - that limit people's ability to protect themselves even if they are knowledgeable about AIDS.
There have been success stories.
 Gay communities in many countries have slowed transmission of HIV dramatically by adopting safe sex.
 Thailand's 100% Condom Campaign, which penalises brothels which do not insist customers use condoms, has been instrumental in cutting the annual infection rate four-fold since 1990. And condom social marketing programmes in corners of Africa have had similarly encouraging results. But experience shows that sustaining behaviour change is extremely difficult. World AIDS Day has proved a valuable vehicle to reinforce messages about prevention - for no-one is safe from HIV until everyone is. It is valuable too as a reminder that, whatever we do today, the pandemic still has a long and painful course to run, for AIDS is a catastrophe in slow motion. Very many countries have yet to experience the devastating epidemic of disease that follows five, eight, ten years after the epidemic of infection.
 Experience from countries which have reached this point - notably in Africa - show that besides causing terrible personal suffering the disease can overwhelm health services, impoverish families, destroy communities and undermine economies. In our global village no-one can remain unaffected by such disruption.  What is needed now is greater commitment to prevention; to finding scientific solutions (and to making them equally available to rich and poor); and greater commitment to the humane treatment of people with AIDS.

Load-Date: December 3, 1996


End of Document
Page  of HEALTH-Rock-AIDS



HEALTH-Rock-AIDS
Broadcast News (BN)
December 1, 1997 Monday


Copyright 1997 Press News Limited, All Rights Reserved
Section: GENERAL AND NATIONAL NEWS
Length: 207 words
Dateline: OTTAWA
Body


OTTAWA -- Federal Health Minister Allan Rock will use today -- World AIDS Day -- to announce more than 200-million dollars in funding in the fight against AIDS.
The money will fulfill a Liberal election promise to renew the AIDS strategy when it expires in March.
The 211-million dollars will be spread over five years.
The new strategy, which goes into effect April 1st, is being revamped to reflect the changing face of the disease -- aboriginals, women and injection drug users.
As the rate of AIDS among gay men has started to level off, an activist says there has been some bickering over where the money will go.
Russell Armstrong, executive director of the Canadian AIDS Society, says there's no agreement yet on how the budget should be divided.
Activists hope Rock will make the renewed strategy fluid rather than frozen, so that funding allocation can change to adapt to shifting needs.
The number of AIDS deaths in Canada dropped sharply last year for the first time since the epidemic began.
But that's mainly because science has made greater progress than expected in delaying the onset of AIDS among infected people and in keeping them alive once they do get AIDS.
Rock is to make the announcement in Toronto today. (CP, Toronto Star) --- MRK

Load-Date: October 7, 2002


End of Document
Page  of AIDS lie



AIDS lie
The Jerusalem Post
December 21, 1993, Tuesday


Copyright 1993 The Jerusalem Post
Section: OPINION; Pg. 6
Length: 667 words
Byline: STEVEN PLAUT
Highlight: Gay groups use 'advocacy statistics' to portray the disease as a heterosexual menace.  The writer is a senior lecturer in economics and business at the University of Haifa.
Body


THE public has been the object of a massive disinformation campaign about AIDS.
Public service broadcasts, billboards and other forms of propaganda have been trying to drive home the message that AIDS is a plague that "can strike anyone."
It is difficult to walk past a bus stop without being assaulted by a huge condom poster urging "safe sex." In myriad places where Bezek has never gotten around to installing public telephones, one can find "Condomats."
All of this has set off a bit of a public uproar, and not only from the religious communities and sexual puritans.  Putting aside the dubious taste in bedecking the streets of Israel with monstrous condom posters, there is the problem of the clearly false and misleading information being conveyed in the campaign.
First, there are people who object to the "safe sex" propaganda because its implicit message is that sexual promiscuity is okay as long as a condom is used.  Teenagers are confused enough and sexual maturing is complicated enough, without official "public service" prime-time commercials claiming that everyone is having sex with everyone.
Further, the message that sex is "safe" when a condom is used is at best debatable.  Condoms might protect against AIDS, but do not protect against all sexually transmitted diseases.
Far more objectionable, however, is portraying AIDS as a heterosexual disease.  Is it really?
THE BEST statistics on AIDS morbidity and risks come from the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta, the world's leading epidemiological center.
By the end of 1992, there were 206,392 cases of AIDS diagnosed among American whites.  (The pattern for blacks is different because of unique patterns of morbidity for Haitians and Africans.) Of these, the number of AIDS victims who were heterosexual and not drug addicts was 727 males and 1,786 females - total, since the disease was "discovered." This is less than the number of cancer deaths in the US in a single day.
Repeat inspection of these cases of heterosexually contracted AIDS showed that the vast majority of AIDS patients classified as heterosexual non-addicts were in fact mistakenly classified.
Who is behind the disinformation campaign about AIDS?  Largely militant homosexual political groups, which fear that people won't support AIDS research if the disease is understood to put only homosexuals and drug users at risk.  (Another example of disinformation is the long-disproved assertion that 10 percent of humanity is homosexual.  )
But the disinformation campaign is harmful, not simply because it spreads false fears.  Throughout the world, unbelievably large amounts of public research funds are being misallocated to AIDS research, at the expense of other far more justifiable research.  In Israel, for instance, where every hour two people die from heart disease and one more from cancer, by what twist of ethics and logic was the decision taken to waste precious public funds on a media campaign for condoms and for AIDS disinformation?
Every case of AIDS is without question a human tragedy.  But so is every case of cancer, heart disease, and countless other afflictions.  The AIDS campaign has succeeded largely because of its use of "advocacy statistics," phony statistics promoted by advocates of good causes to convince the public of how widespread a problem is.
A few years back, American feminists fought "date rape" by "producing" statistics purporting to show that one US college coed in four had been raped.  Just recently, advocates on behalf of sexually mistreated children in Israel claimed that one child in seven had been abused.
No one would argue against the notion that sexual abuse, rape, family violence and so on, are horrendous acts.  But "advocacy statistics" simply distort the public's understanding of the seriousness of the problems, and the media all too often simply gobble up the numbers with no discretion and no inspection, as if they were divinely inspired.

Load-Date: December 21, 1993


End of Document
Page  of AIDS



AIDS
The Canadian Press (CP)
March 11, 1993 Thursday


Copyright 1993 Press News Limited, All Rights Reserved
Section: NATIONAL GENERAL NEWS
Length: 215 words
Body

By Dennis Bueckert
= OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government will increase its spending on the fight against AIDS to $42.2 million annually, or $211 million over the next five years, Health Minister Benoit Bouchard announced Thursday. The commitment represents an increase of about 13 per cent in annual spending on AIDS at a time when most other federal programs are being cut back.
In addition, the Medical Research Council will be asked to allocate $2 million annually for AIDS research. The council currently has no specific target for AIDS spending. "This investment is indicative of the federal government's commitment to find a cure to this fully preventable communicable disease which has reached epidemic proportions,'' Bouchard told a news conference. But a spokesman for the Canadian AIDS Society said the resources allocated for AIDS are woefully inadequate. "This has been a brutal blow for the kinds of things we're trying to do,'' said Richard Burzynski. AIDS groups had demanded $55 million a year over five years to fight the disease and care for its victims. Bouchard said the goals of the AIDS strategy remain unchanged: to stop transmission of HIV - the virus which causes the disease, to find drugs that are effective against it, and to treat and provide support for victims.

Load-Date: October 13, 2002


End of Document
Page  of YOUNG GAYS IGNORING AIDS WARNINGS



YOUNG GAYS IGNORING AIDS WARNINGS
Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)
July 09, 1996, Tuesday


Copyright 1996 Charleston Newspapers
Section: News; Pg. P1A
Length: 555 words
Byline: Daniel Q. Haney
Body


VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) - A generation of young gay men
across the industrialized world, tragically ignoring the lessons of
the AIDS epidemic, risk a new wave of HIV infection by engaging in
dangerous sex, researchers reported Monday.
The trend means that substantial numbers of gay men who came of age
after the AIDS epidemic was recognized are already infected, and many
more will get the virus in the near future.
First spotted in San Francisco a few years ago, the pattern has now
been documented across the United States, Europe and Canada.
"The epidemic of HIV among young gay men is not only an individual
tragedy but is certainly also a major public health concern," said
John de Wit, a psychologist at the University of Utrecht in the
Netherlands.
In some parts of the United States, as many as one in 10 gay men under
the age of 25 carries the virus, and the risk seems to be especially
high for non-white minorities.
"The figures are high, very high, especially if we consider that these
young men have become sexually active in an era in which massive
effort was exerted to increase awareness of HIV risk behaviors and to
promote safer sex," he said.
De Wit outlined the accumulating evidence of youthful AIDS infection
at the 11th International Conference on AIDS.
"The young feel invincible and that they won't get sick from
anything," said Dr. Michael L. Rekart, the conference co-chairman.
A variety of surveys have found that about one-third of young gay men
in their 20s engage in anal sex without condoms, the riskiest form of
homosexual behavior.
The research suggests that young gay men are two to three times more
likely than older gay men to get infected with HIV, the AIDS virus. In
San Francisco, about 3 percent of young homosexuals catch the virus
annually.
Surveys in other U.S. cities show that gay black youngsters are about
twice as likely as whites the same age to be infected this way.
In the United States and other Western countries, homosexual sex is
still the leading cause of HIV infections, although the numbers of gay
men getting the virus have fallen dramatically since the start of the
epidemic. It now accounts for just under half of all newly reported
U.S. AIDS cases.
Dangerous sex fell dramatically among older gay men after the epidemic
emerged in the early 1980s. Experts believe one reason risky behavior
continues among the young is that they have not yet seen their friends
die of the disease.
Another is simply the kind of risk-taking common among the young - the
same impulse that prompts teen-agers to drive fast or take up smoking.
At the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, epidemiologist Linda Valleroy
has studied gay men in their teens and 20s in seven areas of four
states. She found that seven of every 100 are infected. By comparison,
the infection rate among youngsters who apply for the federal Job
Corps program is two per 1,000.
"This is just coming to light," she said. "It is really surprising."
De Wit said new AIDS prevention strategies should be aimed directly at
the young and go beyond simply telling them what's safe and what
isn't. One idea is to train young gay men who are influential among
their peers to set an example and spread the message.
De Wit said a generation of homosexual men is already being destroyed
by HIV. "Let us prevent this from happening to a second generation of
gay men," he said.

Load-Date: July 9, 1996


End of Document
Page  of AIDS BLAST



AIDS BLAST
Herald Sun
February 24, 1995 Friday


Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 446 words
Body


THE outraged chief organiser of the 1988 Seoul Olympics said today US diving gold medallist Greg Louganis should not have taken part, knowing at the time he was HIV positive."It is really regrettable that he competed in the final round in the Olympics if he knew he was HIV positive," chairman of the Seoul Olympic Organising Committee Park Seh-jik said."It is not morally right, particularly because he was injured and bled," Park, now a member of parliament, added.Louganis, 35, the first man to sweep diving gold medals at consecutive Olympics and considered the greatest Olympic diver of all time, said yesterday he had AIDS and was HIV positive when he competed in the 1988 Olympics.Louganis hit his head on the board during the preliminaries for the diving competition and bled in the pool.He received five stitches and went on to win gold the next day.Louganis told American television: "According to the CDC (Centres for Disease Control) standards of AIDS versus HIV, I do have AIDS."Louganis, who revealed he was homosexual at the Gay Games in New York last year, said his head was stitched by a doctor who did not know his condition and was not wearing protective gloves.
Louganis said he was too terrified to tell the doctor, although his coach and a small group of others knew his secret.Park said he believed there should be proper steps to protect athletes against the fatal acquired immune deficiency syndrome in the Olympic Games."With AIDS spreading fast these days, we should be prepared to stop the disease threatening athletes competing in the Olympics and other sporting events," he said.But Cho Byong-ryun, head of the medical team at the Seoul Olymics, said it was extremely unlikely any diver was infected in the pool in which Louganis bled.Cho said, however, that AIDS tests should be carried out in contact sports such as boxing at future Olympics."You have a lot of bleeding, close contact and butts in boxing," he said.Louganis, holder of 47 national titles, five world championships and five Olympic medals, said he tested positive for the human immunodeficiency virus six months before the 1988 Olympics.He said he immediately went on the powerful drug AZT, taking it every four hours, and was using it when he competed.In Brussels, IOC medical commission chairman Prince Alexandre de Merode said the IOC was unlikely to order HIV tests and added he did not think the virus could have been transmitted."The question will be asked at the medical commission but I think I can say that no measures have to be taken on this," he said.De Merode said the commission could make its decision before the end of this month.- REUTEREND OF STORY

Graphic

 
GREG LOUGANIS. (COLOR).

Load-Date: October 1, 2003


End of Document
