Clinic aids gays



Clinic aids gays
The Nation (Thailand)
June 22, 2009 Monday


Copyright 2009 Nation Multimedia Group All Rights Reserved
Length: 439 words
Byline: The Nation
Body


After 18 years of providing medical advice and treatment to female prostitutes, the "Anonymous Clinics" operated by the Thai Red Cross Society (TRCS) are now offering a new service - helping gay men.
TRCS Aids Research Centre chief Prof Dr Praphan Phanaphak, who supervises the project, said the 10,000 "patients" that visit the clinics are more or less divided equally among the "three sexes" - women of all professions, straight men, and gay men. The rise in the number of HIV/Aids cases among gay men is the main reason for the new service, he added.
At the clinics located in Bangkok and major provinces, the men can have their blood checked for the possible HIV/Aids virus without having to produce identity documents - a condition required in general cases, especially for minors. He said the number of positive HIV/Aids cases was on the rise, with 17 per cent among women, 10 per cent among straight men and 30 per cent among gay men.
Staff at these clinics are educated in sexrelated terminology known widely among gay men. It helps these patients not to feel awkward when explaining about their sex activities - which can possibly lead to the contraction of HIV - and leads to a more comfortable treatment.
The terms used are explicit, but clear definitions of their sex activities are needed so that doctors and the medical staff can analyse and diagnose each case more easily. Also, a number of staff themselves are also gay; they either volunteer or are hired by the clinics.
Apart from HIV/Aids, the most common diseases found among gay men is anal cancer, especially those who perform the feminine role widely known as "queen gays". It is caused by human papillomavirus, the same virus that is responsible for cervical cancer in women. But there are more than 30 variants found in gay men through sodomy.
Anal cancer is rare and most cases are reported among gay men, whose chance of contracting it is 40 times higher than straight men. Gay men with HIV/Aids face a risk twice greater than gay men without HIV/Aids, or 80 times more than straight men.
Dr Praphan has urged gay men to visit the clinics to check for several venereal diseases; the service fee is only Bt200. He adds that anal cancer is curable if detected in early stages. People who bleed from their anus and experience pain or mucus from the rectum are advised not to mistake them as hemorrhoids.
Sara, a clinic client, said he felt comfortable with likeminded staff. He was always worried about meeting friends when visiting other hospitals to check for HIV/Aids. He said he was happy with the gay staff members, who were familiar with gay sex and its terminology.

Load-Date: June 22, 2009


End of Document
HEALTH-AIDS-Gays-Disgruntled



HEALTH-AIDS-Gays-Disgruntled
Broadcast News (BN)
August 19, 2006 Saturday


Copyright 2006 Press News Limited All Rights Reserved
Section: GENERAL AND NATIONAL NEWS
Length: 674 words
Byline: CP
Body


TORONTO -- When AIDS first entered the public consciousness in the early 1980's, the victims were mostly gay men in North America and Europe.
But 25 years later, gay men have found themselves relegated to the periphery of the H-I-V-AIDS pandemic.
The shift in focus to women and children, and from western countries to Africa and other southern regions, was clearly apparent at the International AIDS Conference in Toronto.
Few of the sessions dealt with issues of importance to gay men -- leaving many resentful.
Franck DeRose is the Washington-based executive director of the global Condom Project.
He called it deplorable there was no representation of gay men ''inside the conference.''
While acknowledging gay men were the most affected in the early days of the epidemic, conference co-chair Dr. Helene Gayle says since then, HIV-AIDS has become much more diverse.
(BN)
bp

Load-Date: August 20, 2006


End of Document
Brazil facing sharp rise in AIDS among young gay men BRAZIL -AIDS



Brazil facing sharp rise in AIDS among young gay men; BRAZIL-AIDS
EFE Newswire - Americas in Focus
March 25, 2008 Tuesday 10:22 PM GMT


Copyright 2008 EFE News Services (U.S.) Inc. All Rights Reserved


Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de los servicios de Efe, sin previo y expreso consentimiento de la Agencia EFE S.A.
Length: 224 words
Dateline: Brasilia; Mar. 25, 2008
Body


Brasilia, Mar 25 (EFE).- The Brazilian government unveiled a campaign Tuesday to reduce the incidence of HIV/AIDS among gay men between the ages of 13 and 24.
The Health Ministry said that homosexual relations were the cause of 41.1 percent of HIV infections in that age bracket in 2006, up from 24.8 percent a decade earlier.
Health Minister Jose Gomes Temporao also presented a study indicating that the prevalence of HIV/AIDS among men in that age group stands at 226 cases per 100,000 inhabitants, 11 times higher than the rate for the rest of the population.
The campaign will be based on promoting condom use and delivering that safe-sex message via public service ads on radio and television and posters displayed in public places, such as train stations and bus stops.
The new government initiative will be in addition to other official AIDS-prevention programs, which have been in place in Brazil for a decade, been taken as a model by the United Nations and served to stabilize the epidemic in terms of global numbers.
According to official figures, 474,273 HIV/AIDS cases have been registered in the country and 195,000 people have died of AIDS-related illnesses since 1980.
In a continuation of the downward trend that began five years ago, some 32,000 new HIV/AIDS cases were reported last year compared with 39,000 infections in 2006. EFE

Load-Date: March 26, 2008


End of Document
Gay Liberation and AIDS



Gay Liberation and AIDS
New York Sun (Archive)
June 30, 2004 Wednesday


Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC All Rights Reserved
Section: NEW YORK; Pg. 3
Length: 827 words
Byline: ALICIA COLON
Body


The weather this past weekend was perfect. Balmy, yet with cool breezes in the evening that made the outdoor dining at South Street Seaport a delight. Harbour Lights Cafe overlooks the East River and the night view of the Brooklyn Bridge from the balcony is magnificent.
I was attending a retirement party there of an airport supervisor from my former employer, Air Canada. I hadn't seen many of my old friends in nearly 30 years.
While it was certainly a treat reminiscing with them about the days of our youth, the evening held a bittersweet quality that I couldn't quite shake off. So many of my former workers with whom I'd had my fondest memories were missing. They were all dead from AIDS.
The Gay Pride Parade took place on Sunday on Fifth Avenue and, according to some reports, thousands attended this colorful parade of excess.
New Yorkers and San Franciscans have observed these parades as a celebration of the political progress made by the gay rights movement. I have always found them extremely sad. Like a character in a P.D. James novel, I can't help but see the skull beneath the face.
I worked at Air Canada before gay liberation and before AIDS became an epidemic. Most of my male co-workers were homosexual. We traveled together, went to discos, and generally had lots of fun.
Rarely was the issue of sex ever discussed because they were more than their individual sex drives. They were artists and actors. They were not closeted, just discreet. It didn't matter, they were all my friends with great senses of humor. Then in 1969, five days after the death of Judy Garland, the Stonewall Riots and the advent of the gay rights movement changed the lives of my friends forever.
One of my supervisors, a kindly, distinguished gentleman suddenly discovered that he could now meet others openly in gay bars in the West 70s on Broadway. The stigma was gone. It wasn't long, however, before he was brutally beaten and robbed by a predator he picked up one night.
According to the Randy Shilts book "And the Band Played On," an Air Canada steward, Gaetan Dugas, dubbed Patient Zero by the Center for Disease Control, was responsible for many of the early AIDS victims in America. He was extremely promiscuous even after being diagnosed with the fatal disease. "I've got cancer," he would say after he'd sodomized a willing partner. "I'm going to die, and so are you."
Mr. Shilts, who died of AIDS in 1994, wrote one of the most thoroughly researched pieces of investigative journalism in this book, which traces the AIDS epidemic from 1976 to 1985 and the death of Rock Hudson. Yet much of his warning to the gay community is largely ignored and one has to wonder whether this is deliberate or a case of "head in the sand syndrome."
Many gay activists harshly condemned Ronald Reagan for allowing the AIDS epidemic to flourish during his administrations. Larry Kramer is one of the most vocal of these critics and yet Randy Shilts asserts that the gay organizations consistently fought efforts to save homosexual lives. Voluntary testing, they cried, would be the first step toward slapping pink triangles onto homosexuals and marching them off to the gas chambers.
Last year, San Francisco talk-show host Charles Karel Bouley II wrote an op-ed piece posted on Advocate.com that suggests the AIDS epidemic might have been averted if HIV had been treated like SARS.
"HIV should have been treated like a fatal communicable virus, just like SARS is being treated, just like any deadly agent of infection - it should have been handled however the medical experts deemed best, not the politicians, not the shouting homos crying that their rights were being violated, not a generation of victims, not the civic leaders, not the business people, not talk-show hosts or writers like me none of them."
Mr. Bouley, who lost many of his friends to HIV, can write scathingly of his community, which he says screamed for sexual freedom "and got to continue having sex however we wanted."
The removal of the secrecy, the anonymity, came at a heavy price. More than half a million deaths in the U.S. and millions worldwide, he writes. "And in the past 20 years, did we find a cure to make it all better, to salve our guilt for letting it spread unchecked? Nope.... Today we have parties in bigger cities where people actually go to have sex with HIV-positive people: bug chasing parties. It's criminal."
Mr. Bouley is angry, and over the years each death notice erased another bit of my heart. I, too, wonder what would have happened if the only thing the Stonewall Riots produced was more tolerance instead of a powerful self-centered lobby.
It was soon after the Stonewall Riots, that my friend Steve, an extremely talented artist who had just quit the company to pursue his dream full-time, told me: "I think it was Margaret Mead who wrote that sexual repression led to great art but that liberation would lead to deviancy. I'm about to prove her wrong."
Steve was not at the party.

Load-Date: July 1, 2004


End of Document
Huckabee, Gays and AIDS



Huckabee, Gays and AIDS
Atlantic Online
December 9, 2007 Sunday


Copyright 2007 Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Length: 267 words
Byline: The Daily Dish
Body



Yesterday, I expressed hope that Mike Huckabee might take this opportunity to abandon his previous callous and ignorant statements on HIV and homosexuality. He            hasn't. Astonishingly, he is even denying that he favored quarantining people with HIV, but he            said clearly
"If the federal government is truly serious about doing something with the AIDS virus, we need to take steps that would isolate the carriers of this plague."
I fail to grasp the distinction between "isolating the carriers of this plague" and quarantining. So he's refusing to take responsibility for his previous statements, refuses even to regret what he said, and has also failed to take the opportunity to revise his view of gay people. I guess we need to understand that even for the compassionate Christianists, the hostility to gay people's lives, relationships and dignity is deeply ingrained. There is no way for a leading Christianist to say anything supportive or inclusive of gay couples that will not kill him with the Republican base. The country and the civilized world may have moved in one direction, but the Republican party has been seized and is now owned by the faction that is bent on moving strongly in the other direction. Huckabee is not some kind of exception to this rule; he is the rule. And he advances the key policy blend begun by George W. Bush: nanny-statism, big government conservatism, fiscal profligacy, and theo-democracy. He is the logical consequence of Bushism, with a pleasing and disarming affect. That's the underlying reason he is gaining such traction in the party Bush and Rove have remade.

Load-Date: March 3, 2014


End of Document
HIV-Aids and STDs Senior HIV/Aids Official Denies Making Anti-Gay Remarks



HIV-Aids and STDs; Senior HIV/Aids Official Denies Making Anti-Gay Remarks
Africa News
October 31, 2008 Friday


Copyright 2008 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 823 words
Byline: Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique
Body


The Deputy Executive Secretary of Mozambique's National AIDS Council (CNCS), Diogo Milagre, has categorically denied making remarks earlier this week that accused gays and bisexuals of contributing to the spread of AIDS.
An AIM reporter covering the National Youth Meeting that ended on Tuesday in the central district of Cheringoma wrote that, in a lecture on HIV/AIDS given to the participants, Milagre had spoken of homosexuality as a contributory factor to the epidemic. This was, to say the least, surprising - nobody has ever doubted that HIV in Mozambique is spread overwhelmingly by heterosexual relations.
Milagre was also alleged to have stated that there are young people who have both gay and straight sexual relations and demanded "this practice must be combated immediately because it leads young people to a field of multiple, diffuse and uncontrolled sexual relations".
Those Mozambicans who stand up for the rights of gay people were horrified that such statements could apparently be made by a senior figure in the fight against AIDS.
The NGO LAMBDA (Mozambican Association in Defence of Sexual Minorities) protested, and sent a statement to the CNCS expressing its "profound disagreement" with Milagre's statements. "It's the consensus that the main form of HIV transmission is unprotected sexual relations, be they heterosexual, bisexual or homosexual", LAMBDA wrote. "In Mozambique, as in most African countries, the main form of transmission is unprotected sex between men and women".
Since gay relations, with or without protection, are a minority of sexual acts in Mozambique (or any other country) then their role in HIV transmission was "statistically small".
"It is not the orientation of the sexual act that is problematic in the transmission of HIV, but whether it occurs without protection", added LAMBDA. "This is a principle that should be well-known by someone who has held the post of Deputy Executive Secretary of the CNCS for several years".
"In a country where the main form of HIV transmission is unprotected heterosexual sex, to single out bisexual relations is not only irrelevant, but is an unacceptable and lamentable attempt to stigmatise and harass the homosexual community, trying to turn it into a scapegoat. It goes against all the principles, documentation and literature on HIV/AIDS of the United Nations and of the international scientific community".
LAMBDA argued that "multiple, diffuse and uncontrolled sexual relations" in Mozambique are much more common between heterosexuals than any other group - a phenomenon known in the AIDS literature as "Multiple Concurrent Partnerships".
LAMBDA feared that, if the CNCS took up an anti-gay attitude, "this will marginalize still further a segment of society which, although a small minority, is also a victim of HIV/AIDS and already suffers indescribable harassment and humiliation because of its sexual orientation".
LAMBDA points out that the CNCS has not even recognised the existence of Mozambican gays. "There is not a single public message on prevention that recognises the existence of relations between people of the same sex", it said. "There are some programmes which, timidly, are taking the first steps in this direction, but unfortunately none are led by the authorities of our country".
"Does the CNCS really believe that in spreading more hatred and preconceptions against homosexuals we will manage to halt the AIDS epidemic?", LAMBDA asked. Instead of seeing them as "guilty" of something, the CNCS should recognise homosexuals as one of the groups vulnerable to HIV. Instead of "launching witch hunts and raising false problems", LAMBDA urged, "it is time to unite our efforts, think together and confront this national tragedy united and as citizens of this country".
But in his reply to LAMBDA, Mllagre denied ever making the statements attributed to him in Cheringoma. He said that such statements could only result from "ill-intentioned, sloppy journalism, written by somebody badly informed about the matters dealt with".
He described the article as "a piece of fiction which puts words into my mouth".
What he had actually said at the Youth Meeting was that "the main source of transmission in Mozambique continues to be heterosexual relations, and around this the question of multiple and concurrent relations with several partners is a matter of concern. I said that both this source and others, such as mother-to-child transmission, transmission by sharp objects that have not been sterilized, and homosexual relations, which account for small percentages of infections among us, deserve our attention so that we can find appropriate communication that helps different groups of sexually active people to take informed decisions about their sexuality".
"The distance between this and cataloguing homosexuality as the main source of transmission, and that should be combated, is the distance between light and dark", Milagre said.

Load-Date: October 31, 2008


End of Document
AIDS Action Council Joins Launch of First National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day



AIDS Action Council Joins Launch of First National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day
PR Newswire
September 26, 2008 Friday 6:26 PM GMT


Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Length: 435 words
Dateline: WASHINGTON Sept. 26 
Body


WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- AIDS Action Council joins the National Association of People with AIDS (NAPWA) to launch the first National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day on September 27, 2008. The National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day recognizes the overwhelming impact of AIDS and HIV infection on gay men and men who have sex with men (MSM) and highlights the need for urgent attention to the lives of gay men and MSM affected by the HIV/AIDS epidemic. The awareness day also gives an opportunity for all Americans to join the Call for Action for a National AIDS Strategy that would include a targeted response to HIV/AIDS among gay men and MSM.
"The high rates of infection for gay and MSM can be directly linked to root causes such as stigma and discrimination," said Ronald Johnson, Deputy Executive Director, AIDS Action Council. "We are delighted to join NAPWA in this historic recognition of this distinct HIV/AIDS Awareness Day that closes a previous gap in recognition for this important population that merits its own Awareness Day."
The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's revised estimate of new infections shows the continuing, severe burden of HIV on gay men and MSM across the nation. Gay men comprised 53% of estimated new HIV infections in 2006. From 2000, MSM is the only group showing an increase in estimated new infections. Among gay men and MSM, young black and Hispanic men and white men in their 30s and 40s are significantly impacted by new HIV infections. Beyond the numbers are the lives of gay men who remain vulnerable to HIV/AIDS. That reality belies the complacency that has set in for far too long about HIV among gay men.
AIDS Action Council commends NAPWA for initiating National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day. We join our fellow organizational sponsors in urging the public, the media, and our government officials to use this awareness day as a beginning to a reinvigorated focus on HIV/AIDS and gay men. We must increase access to voluntary HIV counseling and testing, HIV prevention, and care and treatment for gay men and MSM. We must have a national AIDS strategy to end the epidemic among gay men and among all people living in the United States. The time to act is now. For more information: http://www.nationalaidsstrategy.org/ or            http://www.aidsaction.org/ .
Contact: Diego Sanchez, dsanchez@aac.org 
617.450.1524, 617.835.1455
CONTACT: Diego Sanchez of AIDS Action, +1-617-450-1524, +1-617-835-1455,
 dsanchez@aac.org 
Web Site: http://www.aidsaction.org/ 
            http://www.nationalaidsstrategy.org/ 
SOURCE AIDS Action
http://www.prnewswire.com

Load-Date: September 27, 2008


End of Document
AIDS Action Council Joins Launch of First National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day



AIDS Action Council Joins Launch of First National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day
U.S. Newswire
September 26, 2008 Friday 2:26 PM EST


Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights Reserved


Section: NATIONAL EDITORS
Length: 402 words
Body


WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 /U.S. Newswire/ -- AIDS Action Council joins the National Association of People with AIDS (NAPWA) to launch the first National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day on September 27, 2008. The National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day recognizes the overwhelming impact of AIDS and HIV infection on gay men and men who have sex with men (MSM) and highlights the need for urgent attention to the lives of gay men and MSM affected by the HIV/AIDS epidemic. The awareness day also gives an opportunity for all Americans to join the Call for Action for a National AIDS Strategy that would include a targeted response to HIV/AIDS among gay men and MSM.
"The high rates of infection for gay and MSM can be directly linked to root causes such as stigma and discrimination," said Ronald Johnson, Deputy Executive Director, AIDS Action Council. "We are delighted to join NAPWA in this historic recognition of this distinct HIV/AIDS Awareness Day that closes a previous gap in recognition for this important population that merits its own Awareness Day."
The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's revised estimate of new infections shows the continuing, severe burden of HIV on gay men and MSM across the nation. Gay men comprised 53% of estimated new HIV infections in 2006. From 2000, MSM is the only group showing an increase in estimated new infections. Among gay men and MSM, young black and Hispanic men and white men in their 30s and 40s are significantly impacted by new HIV infections. Beyond the numbers are the lives of gay men who remain vulnerable to HIV/AIDS. That reality belies the complacency that has set in for far too long about HIV among gay men.
AIDS Action Council commends NAPWA for initiating National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day. We join our fellow organizational sponsors in urging the public, the media, and our government officials to use this awareness day as a beginning to a reinvigorated focus on HIV/AIDS and gay men. We must increase access to voluntary HIV counseling and testing, HIV prevention, and care and treatment for gay men and MSM. We must have a national AIDS strategy to end the epidemic among gay men and among all people living in the United States. The time to act is now. For more information: www.NationalAIDSstrategy.org or            www.AIDSaction.org.
Contact: Diego Sanchez, dsanchez@aac.org
617.450.1524, 617.835.1455
SOURCE AIDS Action

Contact: Diego Sanchez of AIDS Action, +1-617-450-1524, +1-617-835-1455, dsanchez@aac.org

Load-Date: September 27, 2008


End of Document
How Aids gave gays marriage



 How Aids gave gays marriage
Financial Times (London, England)
May 22, 2004 Saturday
London Edition 2


Copyright 2004 The Financial Times Limited
Section: COMMENT & ANALYSIS; Pg. 13
Length: 1028 words
Byline: By CHRISTOPHER CALDWELL
Body


In the 1980s, as the Aids epidemic spread among American homosexuals, Pat Buchanan, the political commentator and sometime presidential candidate, called the disease "nature's revenge". Last week, as pairs of men and pairs of women walked down the marriage aisle with the blessing of the state of Massachusetts, it appeared that nature has a funny way of showing her feelings.
In gaining full legal marriage rights in an important state, American gays have effected the quickest transition from pariah status to protected status in the history of civil rights movements. In 1984, Ronald Reagan won a record landslide after a campaign in which his party ridiculed the gays who that year had attended the Democratic National Convention in San Francisco. In 1985, a majority of Americans polled (51 per cent, according to the Los Angeles Times) favoured quarantining those suffering from Aids, the great majority of whom were homosexual. That Aids would further marginalise homosexuals seemed clear to virtually everyone.
Virtually everyone was wrong. In retrospect, it was Aids that created the critical mass for gay marriage. Aids had its most brutal impact on the same promiscuous, uncloseted part of the gay population that Republicans had held up to voters' mockery. Not all practitioners of the promiscuous lifestyle died - but most of the institutions around which that lifestyle was organised did, starting with San Francisco's notorious "bathhouses". Meanwhile, as the sexual orientation of closeted homosexuals was revealed in the cruellest way possible - through their deaths - Americans were generally stunned to discover how prevalent homosexuality was, and how otherwise "normal" most of its practitioners were.
Gays created new institutions in an atmosphere of increasing sexual caution. As a consequence, the heterosexual bourgeois who today stumbles into the typical gay bar in San Francisco or the West Village will find the place more mainstream and less threatening than its equivalent in the 1980s.
By revealing closeted gays to each other, Aids turned the "gay community" - 20 years ago a figment of politically correct vocabulary - into a real community, with a capacity for political organisation and its own esprit de corps. In an era when al-Qaeda rests its strategy on the assessment that the west is too soft to fight a war, gays make up the only segment of most western societies that, collectively, has endured a war-like horror.
As a political group, gays are the least naive and the least soft of our fellow citizens. As Jonathan Rauch, the journalist, puts it in his new book arguing for gay marriage, "countless homosexuals learnt to change bed-pans, wipe spittle, clean vomit, carry a frail body up a flight of stairs". The experience has prompted the same self-confidence and sense of entitlement that military service does among veterans.
The experience of Aids is the reason why marriage is the particular form that gay rights is taking now. The special damage visited on gays at the height of the Aids era - the damage that differed from the grief that death brings to everybody - came from the interaction of sudden death with a probate law designed for heterosexuals. There is an entire oral literature of men dying in hospital denied the company of their lovers of several decades; couples thrown into penury because American-style health benefits, designed to protect spouses, do not transfer to partners; successful challenges to wills by vindictive relatives of men who had bequeathed their life's savings to otherwise destitute boyfriends (who themselves needed expensive experimental drugs); and so on.
It was only natural that the gay community, once it had become a political reality, would seek the remedy of marriage.
As it happened, Aids left heterosexual society in a weak position to deny that remedy, because it recast public attitudes. Sexual orientation remained a moral issue for many Americans - but it became a public health issue for all of them. In this context the wishes of gays and straights dovetailed. Suddenly, a misfit homosexual suppressing his natural inclinations in order to "pass" as a married bourgeois was not just a ridiculous eccentric but a mortal threat to a heterosexual woman.
Paradoxically, since voting publics tend to view morals as their business and health as the business of "experts", Aids placed gay activism beyond the reach of electorates, which even today oppose same-sex marriage in every state. The movement towards gay marriage has proceeded at the level of bureaucratic regulation and judicial intervention.
There is reluctance to acknowledge that gay marriage arises so directly out of the Aids epidemic. Opponents are confronted with their historic wrongness about much of what gays really wanted. It may also wound the vanity of gay-marriage proponents - who rather extravagantly compare themselves to the civil-rights campaigners of the 1960s - to be told that the roots of their victories lie in concrete problems demanding practical solutions, not in their own moral rightness and persuasive brilliance.
Even if something admirable in the national character is pushing Americans towards gay marriage, that admirable something cannot be just morality or intelligence. Otherwise Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King would have shown some preoccupation with gay marriage, and we have no evidence that any of them ever gave it a moment's thought.
This does not make the pedigree of gay marriage less noble. People are more likely to fight for institutions that grow out of concrete problems than for ones that grow out of other people's utopias. And it becomes necessary to fight for such institutions because their legitimacy in others' eyes is not guaranteed forever.
As the catastrophe of Aids abates in the west, it is possible that heterosexuals will forget why gay marriage was sought, and granted, in the first place. Acknowledging that gay marriage had its beginnings in the Aids crisis, if gay marriage advocates are capable of doing so, will strengthen the endurance of the institution they have just won.
The writer is a senior editor at The Weekly Standard

Load-Date: May 21, 2004


End of Document
Fear raised over gay AIDS



Fear raised over gay AIDS
Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)
November 25, 2000 Saturday
Final Edition


Copyright 2000 Prince George Citizen All Rights Reserved
Section: HEALTH; Pg. 46
Length: 405 words
Byline: Canadian Press
Dateline: TORONTO 
Body


TORONTO (CP) -- New numbers on HIV infections in Canada point to a worrying trend away from safe sex in some segments of the gay community and a steep increase of infections among First Nations people.
The number of new infections among men who have sex with men jumped by 30 per cent over the period of 1996 to 1999, according to the latest report on HIV and AIDS prevalence issued by Health Canada.
The number of new infections among Aboriginal Peoples rose 91 per cent over the same period, the report said.
Some headway had been made over that time in cutting the number of new cases of HIV infection among injected drug users, the report said, noting the number of new cases declined 27 per cent last year over 1996.
``But no sooner did we do that than gay men are starting to rebound again,'' Chris Archibald, Health Canada's chief of HIV/AIDS epidemiology and surveillance, said from Ottawa on Thursday.
Before 1996, Health Canada reported a steady drop in the number of new cases of HIV among gay men, the population most ravaged by HIV and AIDS.
Gay men accounted for more than 80 per cent of new cases in 1981-83; by 1996, they made up less than a third (30 per cent) of new cases of HIV infection.
Archibald said the upward trend has also been reported in the United States and the Netherlands.
Complacency, spurred by new and effective drug cocktails for people who are HIV positive, is blamed.
``Part of it is the optimism about the new treatments and people just thinking it's not such a worry anymore. And part is I think some fatigue about always practising safe sex,'' he said.
``And lastly, I think, perhaps the younger groups of gay men haven't seen the death rates and high infection rates that the older gay men have seen and just don't think it's such a problem.''
Also worrisome is the growth of the HIV/AIDS problem among First Nations people. There were 2,740 cases in 1999, compared to 1,430 in 1996. Archibald said many of the cases were attributable to injected drug use.
The rate of HIV and AIDS among aboriginals is disproportionately high in comparison to the general population, he said.
``They only comprise 2.8 per cent of the population but they're almost six per cent of prevalence cases and almost nine per cent of the new infections in '99, as far as we can tell.''
According to the report, an estimated 49,800 Canadians were living with HIV or AIDS in 1999, an increase of 24 per cent over the figure for 1996.

Load-Date: February 17, 2006


End of Document
AIDS among gay men on rise



AIDS among gay men on rise
Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)
November 28, 2007 Wednesday
Final Edition


Copyright 2007 Prince George Citizen All Rights Reserved
Section: NEWS; Pg. 6
Length: 462 words
Byline: Canadian Press
Dateline: TORONTO 
Body


A quarter-century after AIDS burst on the world's radar as it began ravaging gay male populations in North America, public health authorities in a number of developed countries are seeing a disturbing trend.
Rates of HIV infections among men who have sex with men are on the rise, reversing years of declining rates in that community.
As World AIDS Day approaches, several leading public health authorities raised the politically touchy topic in a commentary published Wednesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, asking why infection rates among this group of individuals are rising and what can be done to stem the trend.
"The tragedy of the epidemic for an earlier generation of MSM must not be repeated," they argued, using the public health community's shorthand --MSM -- for men who have sex with men.
The authors are Dr. Harold Jaffe, director of the department of public health at Oxford University, Dr. Kevin de Cock, head of HIV-AIDS at the World Health Organization and Dr. Ronald Valdiserri, chief consultant to the public health strategic health care group of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
The commentary looks only at trends in western countries, where men who have sex with men have always made up the lion's share of people living with HIV-AIDS.
They noted there was a 13-per-cent increase in American MSM living with HIV-AIDS between 2001 and 2005. A 10-fold increase in syphilis cases among MSM in the United States over the same period is further evidence of an increased frequency in unprotected sex, the authors said.
HIV-AIDS rates among men who have sex with men are also in the increase in Canada.
David Boulos, a senior epidemiologist with the Public Health Agency of Canada, said Tuesday that MSM accounted for only about 37 per cent of new HIV infections in this country in 1996, an all time low. But since then the rate has again begun to climb, reaching about 45 per cent in 2005.
Jaffe and his co-authors suggest the reversal is at least in part the product of complacency.
"Our feeling is that there's now a complacent attitude towards the epidemic in general and particularly in gay men. Somehow it's just being accepted that yes, of course, the epidemic is continuing," he said from Oxford.
They also note that breaththroughs in drug therapy for HIV-AIDS have lessened the panic that gripped the gay community in the early days of the epidemic.
Dr. Philip Berger, one of the original Toronto physicians who treated - and still treats - HIV patients, agreed.
"The availability of six classes of anti-HIV drugs represents a certain security and protection that people know is out there in case they became HIV infected," said Berger, who practises at Toronto's St. Michael's Hospital. Berger was not involved in the commentary.

Load-Date: November 28, 2007


End of Document
Ghana 's gays battle AIDS underground



Ghana's gays battle AIDS underground
The Toronto Star
August 21, 2006 Monday


Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
Section: LIFE; Pg. E07
Length: 1044 words
Byline: Karen Palmer, Special to the Star
Body


ACCRA, Ghana Azumah Nelson looks for a certain sway of the hips, a girlishness in the way a man gestures or smiles, a kind of subtle flirtation that gives away his preference for men. The effeminate ones will lead him to others, he knows.
Nelson, a self-acknowledged "effem" with chiselled cheekbones, curly eyelashes and a theatrical enchante sort of handshake, is fronting a rather dire campaign in the gay community, approaching one gay man at a time with a warning.
"We try to tell them that the menace is out there, that right now the menace is in Ghana," he said.
That "menace" is AIDS.
While the fight against AIDS in the West has always included the gay population, the prevention message has never really reached Africa's gays and lesbians, largely because they are nearly invisible on a continent where homosexuality is mostly illegal.
"The problem has not even been talked about and because it has not been mentioned, they think it is not a problem at all," said Mac-Darling Cobinah, founder and executive director of the Centre for Popular Education and Human Rights in Ghana.
Based on media reports, as well as posters and billboards sponsored by the Ghana AIDS commission and UNAIDS, he said, gay Ghanaian men and women got the impression that AIDS was confined mostly to prostitutes and cheating husbands and wives.
In the absence of formal prevention messages aimed specifically at gay men and women, Cobinah's group has gone underground to spread the word. Only South Africa and Kenya have made similar efforts to reach out to the gay community.
Five pairs of men, including Nelson, work as peer educators selling condoms and lubrication in five neighbourhoods across the West African nation's capital, targeting men they know or suspect are gay.
The work is not without hazards. Ghana, a politically stable but economically impoverished West African nation, is serious about sending an anti-gay message: two men discovered with gay pornography were sentenced to four years of hard labour in prison, and bail for a woman recently arrested for lesbianism was set at more than $1,000 (U.S.).
The funding for the centre's peer educator training came from a somewhat surprising source, the United States Agency for International Aid, or USAID, the official aid distributor for a country where gays are staging their own fight to widen their rights on issues such as marriage and adoption.
A small organization like the Centre for Popular Education, whose volunteer base is about 30 men and women, might be able to do more if large and powerful agencies like UNAIDS - the United Nation's agency charged with preventing the spread of the disease - took the lead, he said.
"No one talks about it and the experience all over the world shows that men who have sex with men are most at risk," Cobinah said.
"They always hide behind the law. They never want to talk about such issues," he added. "For some people, it's just ignorance. There's no law saying you can't talk about such issues."
Still, talking about homosexuality can be fraught with danger: exposing oneself as gay can lead to violence, as can wrongly identifying another man as gay.
The message is simple, said Nelson.
In fact, it's a spin on the usual A-B-C (abstain, be faithful, use condoms) campaign, and pairs condom use with the introduction of lubrication meant to make homosexual sex both more pleasurable and less likely to result in blood transfer.
(In a separate program, women are taught how to fashion their own dental dams out of locally purchased condoms.)
Statistics show it's working: the peer counsellors figure they've spoken to nearly 800 gay men in five Accra neighbourhoods, twice the target number the program hoped to reach. They've also sold nearly 18,000 condoms and more than 500 tubes of lubrication.
The demand for lube is the most obvious sign the message is getting through, Nelson says. When its price in stores was raised recently, counsellors were besieged with requests for cheaper tubes of the gel.
It's unclear how many gays in Ghana are infected with HIV. Overall, the country's AIDS rate is 3.1 per cent, a relatively small number compared to countries such as South Africa or Botswana, where more than 20 per cent of people are infected.
But because the gay community is largely hidden, it's difficult to track figures Since homosexuality is illegal, the Ghana AIDS commission does not collect statistics about sexual orientation.
"We know there are deaths weekly. There are a lot of funerals amongst the gay population," Cobinah said.
"They cannot be linked to AIDS, as there is no research to support it, but every week we have to attend a funeral of a gay in one of the regions."
A study conducted among more than 150 gay Ghanaian men in March 2004 showed the men considered anal sex safer than vaginal sex. They were also generally uneducated about sexually transmitted infections like gonorrhea and HIV.
In some ways, the campaign is lonely work. Azumah Nelson is a stage name, used only for work as a peer counsellor. Cobinah also sometimes uses a pseudonym. He struggles to keep the program going; in fact, it runs out of funding in September.
"If a member is arrested for selling condoms or lubrication, we don't have the means to represent that person in court," he said. "We don't even have enough funds to operate."
Selling condoms is not illegal in Ghana, but recently police have used carrying condoms as grounds for an arrest for prostitution.
Officially, Cobinah's group is devoted to human rights and advocates for more than greater freedoms for gays and lesbians.
Its small office - painted purple and surrounded by shanty homes, beauty parlours and makeshift auto body shops - is decorated with dozens of posters, some warning against the spread of AIDS, others opposing domestic violence, some pushing for greater rights for women.
If the plethora of rainbow flags weren't a clear tip-off, the DVD of Queer as Folk playing in the corner would be a sure indication of the organization's pro-gay tilt, yet many of the group's neighbours have no idea of its work or stance.
"It's not so much hidden as it's underground," he said. "We're trying our best to come out and be visible."
Karen Palmer is a Toronto Star freelance writer based in Africa. Email:
life @ thestar.ca.

Graphic

 
 Karen Palmer photo Human rights activist Mac-Darling Cobinah says gay men in Ghana believe they are immune to AIDS. Many think it's confined to prostitutes and cheating husbands and wives.

Load-Date: August 21, 2006


End of Document
AIDS rampant among Beijing gays



AIDS rampant among Beijing gays
Xinhua General News Service
September 5, 2008 Friday 11:10 AM EST


Copyright 2008 Xinhua News Agency
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS; Science, Cultural, Education, Health
Length: 296 words
Dateline: BEIJING Sept. 5
Body


   The transmission of HIV/AIDS among  gays in the Chinese capital was even worse than through sex  workers, the city's disease control center said on Friday. 
    Up to 5 percent of homosexuals in the city were infected,  compared with 0.5 percent of women sex workers, said He Xiong, the  Beijing Centers of Diseases Control and Prevention deputy  director. 
    He attributed the HIV/AIDS increase among gays to the lack of  protection measures during sex. 
    Some gays don't have due knowledge on HIV/AIDS, while condoms  were used in less than half their sex acts, he added. 
    Despite society's increasing tolerance to homosexuals in recent  years, discrimination against them still exists. Gays usually kept  their sexual orientation secret, making it difficult to improve  awareness of the disease among them. 
    Beijing authorities examined 1 million blood samples between  January and July and found 563 people infected. Among them, 118  were permanent residents of the city, according to He. 
    The percentage of infections from mother to baby, from blood  products and needle sharing among drug addicts had dropped, a sign  of the city's prevention efforts. 
    While the prevalence of AIDS in China remains low compared with  the total population, the situation is very serious in several  provinces affected by drug trafficking and illegal blood donation. 
    China had registered about 214,000 HIV cases by July 30 last  year, but many HIV-positive people were still not registered as  having the disease, officials said. 
    According to the last major survey in 2005 by the Ministry of  Health, Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) and  World Health Organization (WHO), the number of people suffering  from HIV in China was estimated at 650,000.  

Load-Date: September 6, 2008


End of Document
AIDS rampant among Beijing gays



AIDS rampant among Beijing gays
Xinhua Economic News Service
September 5, 2008 Friday 9:55 AM EST


Copyright 2008 Xinhua News Agency
Length: 306 words
Dateline: BEIJING Sept. 5
Body


   The transmission of HIV/AIDS among     gays in the Chinese capital was even worse than through sex workers,   the city's disease control center said on Friday.
    Up to 5 percent of homosexuals in the city were infected, compared  with 0.5 percent of women sex workers, said He Xiong, the Beijing      Centers of Diseases Control and Prevention deputy director.
    He attributed the HIV/AIDS increase among gays to the lack of       protection measures during sex.
    Some gays don't have due knowledge on HIV/AIDS, while condoms were  used in less than half their sex acts, he added.
    Despite society's increasing tolerance to homosexuals in recent     years, discrimination against them still exists. Gays usually kept     their sexual orientation secret, making it difficult to improve        awareness of the disease among them.
    Beijing authorities examined 1 million blood samples between        January and July and found 563 people infected. Among them, 118 were   permanent residents of the city, according to He.
    The percentage of infections from mother to baby, from blood        products and needle sharing among drug addicts had dropped, a sign of  the city's prevention efforts.
    While the prevalence of AIDS in China remains low compared with     the total population, the situation is very serious in several         provinces affected by drug trafficking and illegal blood donation.
    China had registered about 214,000 HIV cases by July 30 last year,  but many HIV-positive people were still not registered as having the   disease, officials said.
    According to the last major survey in 2005 by the Ministry of       Health, Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) and World  Health Organization (WHO), the number of people suffering from HIV in  China was estimated at 650,000.  Enditem (?)

Load-Date: September 6, 2008


End of Document
AIDS rampant among Beijing gays



AIDS rampant among Beijing gays
Xinhua General News Service
September 5, 2008 Friday 1:15 AM EST


Copyright 2008 Xinhua News Agency
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS; Science, Cultural, Education, Health
Length: 296 words
Dateline: BEIJING Sept. 5
Body


   The transmission of HIV/AIDS among  gays in the Chinese capital was even worse than through sex  workers, the city's disease control center said on Friday. 
    Up to 5 percent of homosexuals in the city were infected,  compared with 0.5 percent of women sex workers, said He Xiong, the  Beijing Centers of Diseases Control and Prevention deputy  director. 
    He attributed the HIV/AIDS increase among gays to the lack of  protection measures during sex. 
    Some gays don't have due knowledge on HIV/AIDS, while condoms  were used in less than half their sex acts, he added. 
    Despite society's increasing tolerance to homosexuals in recent  years, discrimination against them still exists. Gays usually kept  their sexual orientation secret, making it difficult to improve  awareness of the disease among them. 
    Beijing authorities examined 1 million blood samples between  January and July and found 563 people infected. Among them, 118  were permanent residents of the city, according to He. 
    The percentage of infections from mother to baby, from blood  products and needle sharing among drug addicts had dropped, a sign  of the city's prevention efforts. 
    While the prevalence of AIDS in China remains low compared with  the total population, the situation is very serious in several  provinces affected by drug trafficking and illegal blood donation. 
    China had registered about 214,000 HIV cases by July 30 last  year, but many HIV-positive people were still not registered as  having the disease, officials said. 
    According to the last major survey in 2005 by the Ministry of  Health, Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) and  World Health Organization (WHO), the number of people suffering  from HIV in China was estimated at 650,000.  

Load-Date: September 7, 2008


End of Document
Anti-gay AIDS brochure promotes hatred



Anti-gay AIDS brochure promotes hatred
Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)
November 3, 2006 Friday
Final Edition


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc. All Rights Reserved
Section: COMMENT; Pg. A19
Length: 213 words
Byline: Karen Dennis, Times Colonist
Body


Re: " 'Anti-gay brochure sparks postal walkout," Oct. 27.
The article talked about postal workers refusing to handle a brochure from a Baptist group in Ontario.
The brochure was titled "The plague of the 21st century: The consequences of the sin of homosexuality (AIDS)."
This attitude about HIV/AIDS reminds me of the reaction of people to the black plague. That too was considered to be God's judgment on the wicked.
If AIDS is God's judgment on gay men, I can be led to the logical conclusion that heart disease is God's punishment on the gluttonous, that homelessness and poverty are God's punishment on the prideful and greedy and that birth defects are God's punishment on babies born to sinful parents.
And how would this group explain HIV in Africa? The vast majority of people infected there are heterosexual. Does God abhor African people?
In my mind, the Baptists in question have another motive -- one that supports the hatred of one group based on the dogma of their church.
I believe that God is far less punitive and petty than the Baptists equate and that the worst plague of the 21st century, a plague that recurs century after century, is a plague of ignorance, hatred and indifference.
Karen Dennis,
Executive director,
Victoria AIDS Resource and Community Resource Society.

Load-Date: November 3, 2006


End of Document
New Brazilian campaign against HIV/AIDS aimed at gays BRAZIL : Full Frontal Attack on AIDS Among Gays



New Brazilian campaign against HIV/AIDS aimed at gays; BRAZIL: Full Frontal Attack on AIDS Among Gays
IPS (Latin America)
April 16, 2008 Wednesday


Copyright 2008 NoticiasFinancieras/Groupo de Diarios America All Rights Reserved
Length: 983 words
Byline: Fabiana Frayssinet
Body


The poster, reminiscent of the film 'American Beauty,' features a nude young man in a sensual pose lying on (and partly covered by) masses of pink condoms, with the legend 'Do whatever you want but do it with a condom.' It is part of a new Brazilian campaign against HIV/AIDS aimed at gays.
The Health Ministry's Epidemiological Bulletin indicates that in 1996, in the 13 to 24-year-old age group, men who have sex with men made up 24 percent of all AIDS cases, compared to 41 percent in 2006. In the 25 to 29-year-old age group, 26 percent of those living with HIV were men who have sex with men in 1996, and 37 percent in 2006.
In contrast, in the 30 to 39-year-old age group, the proportion of AIDS cases represented by men who have sex with men fell slightly, from 30 percent to 28 percent, over the same period.
The difference between these indicators is attributed to behaviour changes in younger men, according to Julio Moreira, head of HIV prevention programmes in the non-governmental organisation Arco-Íris (Rainbow), which defends gay rights.
'With the availability of the anti-retroviral AIDS drug cocktails and the longer survival of people with AIDS, the new generation have not seen their friends die and haven't experienced the pain of the loss of someone very close, so they have become careless about using condoms,' the expert told IPS.
He also links the expansion of AIDS to increased consumption of drugs and alcohol. 'Substance abuse also leads to carelessness and the failure to use condoms,' he said.
But Alexandre Chieppe, the coordinator of the AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases programme of the health department of the government of Rio de Janeiro, clarified that the figures do not indicate that the number of cases of HIV/AIDS have increased more rapidly among gays.
'Actually, the trend towards more AIDS cases in the young gay population is generally the same as is seen among heterosexual men of the same generation,' he said.
'Among the general population the AIDS epidemic is stabilising, but cases are still increasing among young men in general and, within that group, gays,' he said.
Although the epidemic is behaving similarly among heterosexuals and homosexuals, its consequences are different, according to a study of sexual behaviour quoted by the Brazilian Health Ministry.
The survey of sexual knowledge, attitudes and behaviour carried out in 2004 estimated that in Brazil there were almost 1.5 million gays and men who have sex with other men, including transvestites and bisexuals, aged between 15 and 49.
Based on this estimate, the incidence of HIV/AIDS in this population group was calculated to be 226.5 cases per 100,000 people. This was more than 11 times higher than the incidence in the general population, which was 19.5 cases per 100,000 population in this country of 188 million.
Gay men 'are 18 times more likely to develop AIDS than the heterosexual population,' Moreira said, explaining why a campaign aimed specifically at homosexuals is necessary.
'I think the state had a long-standing obligation to respond to this need, and there is also a concrete demand,' Claudio Nascimento, human rights secretary for the Rio de Janeiro state government, said in an interview with IPS, referring to the new focus of the campaign.
Nascimento said that, from the didactic point of view, 'a target audience can be reached by segmenting the population and very directly addressing the target group.'
For example, the campaign makes itself perfectly clear when it gives advice such as 'always use a water-based lubricant gel.'
'The gay community was the first to act against HIV infections in this country, and in practice there hasn't been a specific campaign to recognise its efforts,' added Nascimento, one of the country's best known gay rights activists.
Anthropologist Sérgio Carrara, a professor at the Institute of Social Medicine in the State University of Rio de Janeiro (UERJ), agrees.
'We had a certain moralism and homophobia that prevented AIDS campaigns from being directed specifically at gays,' he said.
Similarly, according to Carrara, 'it is necessary' to refer directly to transvestites, who are 'ordinarily invisible' in campaigns against AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Homophobia is one of the key targets of this government campaign. In the public system, said Nascimento, 'homophobia is still one of the largest causes of violations of the rights of the gay, lesbian and transvestite community.'
In public hospitals, anti-gay prejudice is shown 'in lack of respect, poor care, negligence, and taking decisions not to give differentiated care,' he complained.
'The public service, which ought to offer care without any kind of discrimination, ends up reproducing social homophobia,' he said.
These prejudices, according to the activist, 'increase the gay population's vulnerability to HIV.'
Factors like rejection by their family, social prejudice and violence are reflected in 'low self-esteem among gays,' and consequently they are less able to look after themselves, he said.
'Treating AIDS as a public health issue is extremely important, so that people go back to regarding it as a chronic disease, which doesn't kill as much as it used to, but which continues to be a serious problem,' said Chieppe.
As part of the campaign, the government will distribute some 100,000 posters, stickers and 500,000 leaflets with information about AIDS, other sexually transmitted diseases, and instructions for the correct use of condoms.
Posters and leaflets will be placed in public health institutions, but they will also be distributed to bars, night clubs, parties and other places frequented by gays, and to civil society organisations.
Other strategies will be discussed in Brasilia in June, at the First National Conference of Gays, Lesbians, Bisexuals, Transvestites and Transsexuals. © 2008 NoticiasFinancieras - IPS - All rights reserved

Load-Date: April 16, 2008


End of Document
Gay concern over hyping AIDS 'superbug'



Gay concern over hyping AIDS 'superbug'
Agence France Presse -- English
February 16, 2005 Wednesday 9:18 AM GMT


Copyright 2005 Agence France Presse All Rights Reserved


Length: 680 words
Byline: Giles Hewitt
Dateline: NEW YORK Feb 16
Body


Gay activists fear the announcement of a rare, highly virulent strain of the AIDS virus being found in a New York man may fuel panic of an HIV "superbug" and further stigmatise their community.
New York City health officials said last week that the strain, known as 3-DCR HIV, was unresponsive to three types of anti-retroviral medications and greatly accelerated the transition from infection to full-blown AIDS.
The virus was diagnosed in a man in his late 40s who reported having unprotected sex with multiple male partners, often while using the highly potent narcotic crystal methamphetamine.
Some gay activists and AIDS specialists believe the New York Health Department jumped the gun with its announcement, arguing that a lot more research was required to determine the precise nature of the virus strain in question.
"Those who practice good science would have waited," said Martin Delaney, founder director of Project Inform, one of the oldest US non-profit AIDS organisations.
"They would have shared and discussed the date with scientific peers and then -- most importantly -- they would have gone back to the labs and followed up on the patient for another six months before drawing any hard conclusions," he said.
The onset of AIDS usually occurs more than 10 years after initial infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). But in the case diagnosed last week, the time lag appeared to be just two to three months.
However, several AIDS researchers said it remained unclear whether the swift progression of the disease was attributable to the virulence of the HIV strain or the particular physiology of the patient.
They also noted that the existence of resistant HIV strains was not new.
Calling on the city authorities to clarify the facts, the New York-based Community HIV/AIDS Mobilisation Project (CHAMP) warned of the risk of stigmatising gay men as "crazed drug addicts, carelessly or wantonly spreading a killer bug."
New York Health Commissioner Thomas Frieden had described the case was "a wake-up call" to the gay community, particularly those who may use crystal methamphetamine.
"What would be dangerous," responded CHAMP executive director Julie Davids, "is for this to be a wake up call to the gay community to feel more shame and self-hatred."
In an interview with the New York Times on Tuesday, Frieden defended the decision to go public with the 3-DCR HIV case, saying that his intention was to announce not a scientific discovery but a public health phenomenon that required intervention.
"Our thought process was, first, were we convinced enough that this was a real phenomenon? Over time, yes, we were convinced," Frieden said.
"The next question was, were we convinced that we had to alert the medical community to issue a health alert? Again, over time we were convinced.
"Having decided that, it was unavoidable to do media notification as well," he said.
There is consensus, however, on the need to combat a resurgence in HIV transmission, including addressing the impact of crystal meth use on HIV risk behaviour.
"But let's not freak people out with stories of a superbug," said Delaney. "We're all freaked out enough, thank you, by HIV itself."
More than 88,000 New Yorkers are known to be living with HIV/AIDS, and an estimated 20,000 are believed to be infected without knowing it.
Gay activists, while recognising the responsibility of their own community to promote safe sex, argue that the federal government has hampered progress by favouring a message of abstinence over condom use.
Crystal meth, also known as "ice," puts users -- both gay and heterosexual -- into a highly sexualised state that lowers inhibitions. Studies have shown that people using the drug are more likely to have multiple partners and less likely to use condoms.
"In the last few years, crsytal use has really exploded," said Jason Riggs, communications director of the Califonia-based Stop Aids Project.
"It is a real cause for concern," Riggs said. "In San Francisco, if you're a gay or bisexual man using crystal you're 300 to 400 percent more likely to get HIV."
gh/kd 

Load-Date: February 17, 2005


End of Document
AIDS rampant among Beijing gays



AIDS rampant among Beijing gays
Xinhua General News Service
September 5, 2008 Friday 1:15 AM EST


Copyright 2008 Xinhua News Agency
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS; Science, Cultural, Education, Health
Length: 296 words
Dateline: BEIJING Sept. 5
Body


   The transmission of HIV/AIDS among  gays in the Chinese capital was even worse than through sex  workers, the city's disease control center said on Friday. 
    Up to 5 percent of homosexuals in the city were infected,  compared with 0.5 percent of women sex workers, said He Xiong, the  Beijing Centers of Diseases Control and Prevention deputy  director. 
    He attributed the HIV/AIDS increase among gays to the lack of  protection measures during sex. 
    Some gays don't have due knowledge on HIV/AIDS, while condoms  were used in less than half their sex acts, he added. 
    Despite society's increasing tolerance to homosexuals in recent  years, discrimination against them still exists. Gays usually kept  their sexual orientation secret, making it difficult to improve  awareness of the disease among them. 
    Beijing authorities examined 1 million blood samples between  January and July and found 563 people infected. Among them, 118  were permanent residents of the city, according to He. 
    The percentage of infections from mother to baby, from blood  products and needle sharing among drug addicts had dropped, a sign  of the city's prevention efforts. 
    While the prevalence of AIDS in China remains low compared with  the total population, the situation is very serious in several  provinces affected by drug trafficking and illegal blood donation. 
    China had registered about 214,000 HIV cases by July 30 last  year, but many HIV-positive people were still not registered as  having the disease, officials said. 
    According to the last major survey in 2005 by the Ministry of  Health, Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) and  World Health Organization (WHO), the number of people suffering  from HIV in China was estimated at 650,000.  

Load-Date: September 20, 2008


End of Document
CDC: Young Gay Men Spreading AIDS



CDC: Young Gay Men Spreading AIDS
Associated Press Online
May 31, 2001; Thursday


Copyright 2001 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, general news item
Length: 597 words
Byline: ERIN McCLAM 
Dateline: ATLANTA
Body


Gay men too young to remember the earliest reports of AIDS are now spreading the disease at alarming rates that remind health officials of the explosive first years of the epidemic.
A government survey released Thursday shows 4.4 percent of gay and bisexual men ages 23 to 29 are newly infected each year with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.
The survey, timed to mark the 20th anniversary of the discovery of AIDS, is the government's most sweeping evidence yet of a resurgence in the disease among young gay men.
It suggests even more staggering infection rates for blacks in that group: 14.7 percent one in seven become HIV-positive each year.
AP-CDC-AIDS ,0655
Left unchecked, the infection rates for gay and bisexual men threaten years of progress the country has made to control the spread of HIV/AIDS, analysts for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
''The numbers we're publishing right now are more like the findings you see in the '80s than the findings you see in the '90s,'' said CDC's Linda Valleroy, who led the survey.
The study included nearly 3,000 gay and bisexual men who were tested anonymously for HIV from 1998 to 2000 in Baltimore, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York and Seattle.
Government analysts acknowledged the data could be flawed: The men were recruited only at dance clubs, bars, city shopping centers and gay-and-lesbian community centers, so the true rates for all young gay and bisexual men could be higher or lower.
The government's effort to contain HIV/AIDS may be cursed by its own success, CDC analysts said. New HIV infections have leveled off in America at about 40,000 a year, and improved medicine allows AIDS patients to live longer and healthier lives.
''People don't perceive that you get infected and you die in two months anymore,'' said Phill Wilson, executive director of the African-American AIDS Policy and Training Institute at the University of Southern California.
''There's all these posters around that say you can climb mountains and do whatever with HIV and AIDS. There's not enough messages about the price you have to pay,'' he said.
Health officials expressed extreme concern about the high new-infection rates among young black gays and bisexuals, saying the stigma in the black community of having HIV or AIDS may be keeping testing rates low.
There are no comparable historical data on infection rates for young black gays and bisexuals. The one-in-seven infection rate in that group is roughly the same as current infection rates in South Africa, Valleroy said.
The CDC wants to cut the number of new infections nationwide to below 20,000 in five years, chiefly by improving prevention programs, targeting them more narrowly to the communities most at risk, and urging more Americans to get tested for HIV.
A key part of that effort will be getting to young gays and bisexuals to remind them of the disease's devastation and the risk that continues even in the wake of improved medicine and safe-sex efforts.
''We have to stop and take a look at the devastation that potentially could occur among these young men,'' said Helene Gayle, the CDC's AIDS chief. ''These are precious and important lives.''
Since the discovery of AIDS first reported in a 1981 government health bulletin as a strange form of pneumonia there have been about 750,000 reported cases in America. Nearly 450,000 of those patients have died.
''We're not visiting as many dying bedsides, and we're not going to as many funerals,'' Wilson said. ''But we are tired of losing our friends, and it's not over.''
___
On the Net:
CDC: http://www.cdc.gov 

Load-Date: May 31, 2001


End of Document
Beijing gay venues join AIDS intervention campaign



Beijing gay venues join AIDS intervention campaign
Xinhua General News Service
June 12, 2007 Tuesday 4:00 AM EST


Copyright 2007 Xinhua News Agency
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS; Science, Cultural, Education, Health
Length: 388 words
Dateline: BEIJING
Body


   The owners of 19 popular gay  entertainment venues in Beijing -- bars, massage and health  centers -- are to hand out free condoms to combat the rising  incidence of HIV/AIDS in the city's gay population.
    The owners of the venues will distribute AIDS prevention  pamphlets and advise on safe sex after signing up to the Beijing  Anti-AIDS Association for MSM (men who have sex with men) Venues,  which was jointly initiated on May 31 by AIDS prevention  organizations in Chaoyang District.
    "As far as we know, such venues are already frequented by  HIV-infected gays. It would be irresponsible if we did not take  urgent prevention measures," said Xiao Dong, a worker with the  Chaoyang Chinese AIDS Volunteer Group.
    The owners and their staff would try to educate gays on the  necessity of HIV/AIDS tests as many gays were unwilling to have  them, said Xiao.
    The association would carry out AIDS prevention training for  the owners and staff in July to teach them how to better raise  AIDS prevention knowledge among gays, he said.
    The city had seen an increasing number of HIV infections from  sexual behavior among gays, said Ma Xiaoyan, an expert with the  Beijing municipal disease prevention and control center.
    "The HIV infection rate through gay sex was 1.5 percent in 2004, but it rose to 6.9 percent in Beijing last year," said Ma, whose  laboratory conducts final diagnoses of HIV/AIDS cases in the city.
    The age of HIV infection cases was falling, said Ma, citing the example of an 18-year-old who was diagnosed with AIDS.
    Ma blamed the increase in cases on a low rate of condom use and frequent sex with multiple partners.
    Xiao Dong said the number venues that had joined the  association was only about half of the 39 venues he contacted. He  called on more venues to sign up.
    China has five to ten million gay men, according to official  figures. However, some experts estimate the homosexual population  is around 50 million.
    The HIV infection rate is estimated at one to four percent  among gay men, who are the second largest high-risk group after  drug addicts.
    Official statistics show that among the 650,000 Chinese living  with HIV/AIDS, 44.3 percent were infected through drug injection,  10.7 percent through blood transfusions and 43.6 percent through  unsafe sex.  

Load-Date: June 12, 2007


End of Document
AIDS PANEL APPOINTEE IS ANTI-GAY



AIDS PANEL APPOINTEE IS ANTI-GAY
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)
January 23, 2003 Thursday
REGION EDITION


Copyright 2003 P.G. Publishing Co.
Section: WORLD,
Length: 555 words
Byline: CECI CONNOLLY, THE WASHINGTON POST
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


The Bush administration has chosen Jerry Thacker, a Pennsylvania marketing consultant who has characterized AIDS as the "gay plague," to serve on the Presidential Advisory Commission on HIV and AIDS.
 Next week, Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson is to swear in several new commission members, including Thacker, a former Bob Jones University employee, who says he contracted the AIDS virus after his wife was infected through a blood transfusion.
 The 35-member commission, which makes recommendations to the White House on AIDS prevention, is the latest incarnation of a panel that has existed since the Reagan administration..
 In his speeches and writings on his Web site and elsewhere, Thacker has described homosexuality as a "deathstyle" rather than a lifestyle and asserted that "Christ can rescue the homosexual." After word of his selection spread through the gay community in recent days, some of the material disappeared from the Web site. Earlier versions located by The Washington Post that referred to the "gay plague," for instance, had been changed as of yesterday to "plague."
Administration health officials confirmed, on condition of anonymity, Thacker's appointment, saying he was part of a diverse group that includes a member of the board of directors of the Human Rights Campaign, the nation's largest gay and lesbian advocacy group; an AIDS adviser to the World Bank; and a state public health officer.
 Thacker's assistant yesterday said he wouldn't comment until after he is sworn in. HHS spokesman Bill Pierce and commission Executive Director Patricia Ware declined public comment.
 "This individual is an extremist ideologue who persecutes and demeans an entire class of people impacted by this disease," said Human Rights Campaign spokesman David Smith. "That type of person has no business advising the president of the United States on how the government should address the epidemic."
 Carl Schmid, a gay GOP activist who worked on President Bush's 2000 campaign, said he was disappointed and frustrated that HHS disregarded warnings that Thacker's selection would overshadow the commission's valuable work. "We need to have a scientific-based approach to the problems of HIV-AIDS and not this radical agenda he's pushing," Schmid said.
 Thacker's biography on the Web site of the Scepter Institute, a nonprofit organization that sells religious-based AIDS material, indicates that he is a Bob Jones University graduate and was a "member of the university faculty for seven years." Bush caused a stir in the last campaign when he spoke at the South Carolina university, which until recently banned interracial dating and has been accused of anti-Catholic attitudes.
 In September 2001, Thacker returned to his alama mater to give two speeches, summarized on the university Web site, focused on the "sin of homosexuality" and the Thacker family's struggle with AIDS.
 "When he and his wife discovered in 1986 that they had contracted HIV, the most horrible thought was that it was a disease connected with the sin of homosexuality," the summary reports. "They didn't want anyone to think they were homosexual because they knew what the Bible said about homosexuality."
 Thacker, his wife, Sue, and daughter, Sarah -- all three HIV-infected -- live in Fleetwood, Berks County, outside Reading, Pa.

Load-Date: January 23, 2003


End of Document
Uganda UN Wants Aids Agenda for Gaysun Wants Aids Agenda for Gays



Uganda; UN Wants Aids Agenda for Gaysun Wants Aids Agenda for Gays
Africa News
June 3, 2006 Saturday


Copyright 2006 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 215 words
Byline: New Vision
Body


THE United Nations (UN) wants countries to introduce AIDS programmes targeted at gays and prostitutes. The practices are banned in some countries, but the UN argues that this has kept prevention programmes away from the populations most at risk.
"We must do better," UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on Wednesday said to thunderous applause from delegates at the three-day high-level UN Conference on AIDS.
The UN and governments, Annan said, must provide help to "sex workers, drug users and men having sex with men".
Annan's remarks, at a civil society session came on the heels of the 2006 Report on the Global Aids Pandemic. The report noted that efforts to expand access to treatment have inadequately addressed the needs of populations especially vulnerable to HIV.
"These include sex workers, men who have sex with men, injecting drug users and prisoners," the UN noted in the report. It said this category also includes refugees, internally displaced people and mobile populations who cross borders for work or other reasons.
"International financing mechanisms, such as the Global Fund, rely on proposals from the countries. However, many countries of asylum and countries with internally displaced people do not give priority to refugees or internally displaced people," the report said.

Load-Date: June 5, 2006


End of Document
Uganda Aids Body Chief Roots for Gays



Uganda; Aids Body Chief Roots for Gays
Africa News
June 4, 2008 Wednesday


Copyright 2008 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 317 words
Byline: New Vision
Body


THE gay community in the country should not be neglected while designing anti-HIV/AIDS strategies, the director general of the Uganda AIDS Commission, Dr. Kihumuro Apuuli, has said.
"It is true that research was done among gays and the trend is common in young people. We need to address the gay issue, but they are not a major driver of infections."
Apuuli was on Monday addressing journalists at the Media Centre in Kampala ahead of the start of the Global HIV/AIDS implementers' meeting.
He noted that in Uganda, the major drivers of the pandemic were the fishing communities, sex workers, truck drivers and the armed forces.
Apuuli added that discordance and extra-marital relationships were playing a big role in the spread.
A recent study in Kampala showed gay and bi-sexual men had unprotected sex with their partners yet the perception that they were at risk of HIV infection was low.
The study called for the urgent recognition that these people needed to be sensitised on the mode of infection and given treatment.
The upcoming HIV/AIDS national sero-behavioral status survey due in September would help to establish the updated prevalence rates of the epidemic in the country, Apuuli noted. The last survey put the national prevalence at 6.4%.
A small percentage of people, Apuuli stated, knew their sero-status. He observed that the infection rate among the youth had fallen because of an effective campaign to promote abstinence through the Young Empowered And Healthy (YEAH) programme.
The chief medical officer of the US President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, Dr. Thomas Kenyon, said the highest rate of infections and deaths globally occurred in Africa yet most people did not know their sero-status.
He noted that the emergency plan had enabled 1.5 million people worldwide to access ARV treatment and supported interventions in children by introducing special testing equipment for babies.

Load-Date: June 5, 2008


End of Document
AIDS Rampant Among Young Gay Blacks



AIDS Rampant Among Young Gay Blacks
Associated Press Online
February 5, 2001; Monday


Copyright 2001 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, general news item
Length: 622 words
Byline: DANIEL Q. HANEY 
Dateline: CHICAGO
Body


A stunning one-third of young gay black men in large U.S. cities are infected with HIV, another sign of the growing racial divide in the AIDS epidemic.
The findings, based on a study released Monday, show that HIV infections are disturbingly common among gay men of all races in their 20s, especially considering that they grew up knowing how AIDS spreads.
However, HIV is particularly rampant among young gay blacks, and experts worry that these men have missed the safe-sex message that has been a drumbeat among white homosexual men since the mid-1980s.
The study found that among young gay men, 3 percent of Asians, 7 percent of whites, 15 percent of Hispanics and 30 percent of blacks are infected with the virus.
''That 30 percent is an amazing statistic,'' said Dr. Helene Gayle, AIDS chief at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ''When people think 'gay,' they think 'white.' But the people still at greatest risk are sexually active gay men, and that cuts across all races and ethnicities.''
The study, directed by the CDC's Linda Valleroy, was presented at the Eighth Annual Retrovirus Conference in Chicago.
Since the epidemic's start, when AIDS was primarily a disease of gay white men, the burden of HIV has increasingly shifted to blacks. Now, just over half of the estimated 40,000 new HIV infections annually occur among blacks. Among infected women, blacks outnumber whites almost 4 to 1.
Many worry that homosexual men have grown complacent about catching HIV because effective treatments can hold the disease in check. Some of these gay men may be more likely to have risky sex, such as anal intercourse without condoms.
The new study does not reveal whether dangerous sex practices are growing among the young, but it does show that such habits are common. Almost half of the men surveyed admitted they had had unprotected anal sex during the previous six months.
While the overall infection rate of 12 percent was alarming, the researchers said they were most surprised by the level of AIDS infection among the young black men. ''It's really horrifying,'' Valleroy said.
The survey was based on testing of 2,401 gay men ages 23 to 29 between 1998 and 2000. They were tested at parks, bars, clubs and other gay meeting places in Baltimore, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami, Seattle and New York City.
Except in Miami and Seattle, where few blacks were in the study, the infection rate for blacks was around 30 percent in all the cities.
In general, AIDS infections have become less common among gay men since the height of the epidemic in the 1980s. For instance, in New York, just over half of all gay men of all ages who were tested at venereal disease clinics in 1988 were infected, compared with 20 percent in 1997.
Valleroy said there is no easy explanation for why the disease is so much more prevalent among young gay blacks. But one reason may be that blacks are less likely to admit their homosexuality, so they miss the frequent exhortations for safe sex.
''Being gay is more hidden among African Americans,'' she said. ''There is no Gay Men's Health Crisis for African Americans. They tend not to live in the gay neighborhoods.''
Dr. Carlos del Rio of Emory University in Atlanta, who studies AIDS in inner cities, noted that the disease largely affects populations on the edges of the mainstream, including gay men and poor blacks.
''In African Americans, there is a much greater stigma about being homosexual than there is among whites,'' he said. ''That makes them even more marginalized.''
Less than one-third of those who had HIV in the survey knew about their infection.
An earlier study by the same group looked at AIDS infections among gay 15- to 22-year-olds. It found that 14 percent of blacks were infected.

Load-Date: February 5, 2001


End of Document
AIDS Rampant Among Young Gay Blacks



AIDS Rampant Among Young Gay Blacks
Associated Press Online
February 5, 2001; Monday


Copyright 2001 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, general news item
Length: 647 words
Byline: DANIEL Q. HANEY 
Dateline: CHICAGO
Body


A stunning one-third of young gay black men in large U.S. cities are infected with HIV, another sign of the growing racial divide in the AIDS epidemic.
The findings, based on a study released Monday, show that HIV infections are disturbingly common among gay men of all races in their 20s, especially considering that they grew up knowing how AIDS spreads.
However, HIV is particularly rampant among young gay blacks, and experts worry that these men have missed the safe-sex message that has been a drumbeat among white homosexual men since the mid-1980s.
The study found that among young gay men, 3 percent of Asians, 7 percent of whites, 15 percent of Hispanics and 30 percent of blacks are infected with the virus.
''That 30 percent is an amazing statistic,'' said Dr. Helene Gayle, AIDS chief at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ''When people think 'gay,' they think 'white.' But the people still at greatest risk are sexually active gay men, and that cuts across all races and ethnicities.''
The study, directed by the CDC's Linda Valleroy, was presented at the Eighth Annual Retrovirus Conference in Chicago. Since this was the first survey ever done among gays of this age group 23 to 29 there are no previous numbers with which to compare these findings.
Since the epidemic's start, when AIDS was primarily a disease of gay white men, the burden of HIV has increasingly shifted to blacks. Now, just over half of the estimated 40,000 new HIV infections annually occur among blacks. Among infected women, blacks outnumber whites almost 4 to 1.
Many worry that homosexual men have grown complacent about catching HIV because effective treatments can hold the disease in check. Some of these gay men may be more likely to have risky sex, such as anal intercourse without condoms.
The new study does not reveal whether dangerous sex practices are growing among the young, but it does show that such habits are common. Almost half of the men surveyed admitted they had had unprotected anal sex during the previous six months.
While the overall infection rate of 12 percent was alarming, the researchers said they were most surprised by the level of AIDS infection among the young black men. ''It's really horrifying,'' Valleroy said.
The survey was based on testing of 2,401 gay men ages 23 to 29 between 1998 and 2000. They were tested at parks, bars, clubs and other gay meeting places in Baltimore, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami, Seattle and New York City.
Except in Miami and Seattle, where few blacks were in the study, the infection rate for blacks was around 30 percent in all the cities.
In general, AIDS infections have become less common among gay men since the height of the epidemic in the 1980s. For instance, in New York, just over half of all gay men of all ages who were tested at venereal disease clinics in 1988 were infected, compared with 20 percent in 1997.
Valleroy said there is no easy explanation for why the disease is so much more prevalent among young gay blacks. But one reason may be that blacks are less likely to admit their homosexuality, so they miss the frequent exhortations for safe sex.
''Being gay is more hidden among African Americans,'' she said. ''There is no Gay Men's Health Crisis for African Americans. They tend not to live in the gay neighborhoods.''
Dr. Carlos del Rio of Emory University in Atlanta, who studies AIDS in inner cities, noted that the disease largely affects populations on the edges of the mainstream, including gay men and poor blacks.
''In African Americans, there is a much greater stigma about being homosexual than there is among whites,'' he said. ''That makes them even more marginalized.''
Less than one-third of those who had HIV in the survey knew about their infection.
An earlier study by the same group looked at AIDS infections among gay 15- to 22-year-olds. It found that 14 percent of blacks were infected.

Load-Date: February 5, 2001


End of Document
AIDS among gay men on the rise



AIDS among gay men on the rise
The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)
November 30, 2007 Friday


Copyright 2007 The Times & Transcript. All Rights Reserved
Section: LIFE; Pg. B2
Length: 519 words
Byline: Helen Branswell THE CANADIAN PRESS
Body


A quarter-century after AIDS burst on the world's radar as it began ravaging gay male populations in North America, public health authorities in a number of developed countries are seeing a disturbing trend.
Rates of HIV infections among men who have sex with men are on the rise, reversing years of declining rates in that community.
As World AIDS Day approaches, several leading public health authorities raised the politically touchy topic in a commentary published Wednesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, asking why infection rates among this group of individuals are rising and what can be done to stem the trend.
"The tragedy of the epidemic for an earlier generation of MSM must not be repeated," they argued, using the public health community's shorthand -- MSM -- for men who have sex with men.
The authors are Dr. Harold Jaffe, director of the department of public health at Oxford University, Dr. Kevin de Cock, head of HIV-AIDS at the World Health Organization and Dr. Ronald Valdiserri, chief consultant to the public health strategic health care group of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
The commentary looks only at trends in western countries, where men who have sex with men have always made up the lion's share of people living with HIV- AIDS.
They noted there was a 13 per cent increase in American MSM living with HIV- AIDS between 2001 and 2005. A 10-fold increase in syphilis cases among MSM in the United States over the same period is further evidence of an increased frequency in unprotected sex, the authors said.
HIV-AIDS rates among men who have sex with men are also in the increase in Canada.
David Boulos, a senior epidemiologist with the Public Health Agency of Canada, said Tuesday that MSM accounted for only about 37 per cent of new HIV infections in this country in 1996, an all time low. But since then the rate has again begun to climb, reaching about 45 per cent in 2005.
Jaffe and his co-authors suggest the reversal is at least in part the product of complacency.
They also note that breaththroughs in drug therapy for HIV-AIDS have lessened the panic that gripped the gay community in the early days of the epidemic.
Dr. Philip Berger, one of the original Toronto physicians who treated -- and still treats -- HIV patients, agreed.
"The availability of six classes of anti-HIV drugs represents a certain security and protection that people know is out there in case they became HIV infected," said Berger, who practises at Toronto's St. Michael's Hospital.
"And therefore people might be less inhibited than they were in the days when there was no therapy."
A related contributing feature, Jaffe and others suggested, is the fact that gay men today don't see the physical toll AIDS extracted before the era of antiretroviral drugs. The wasting. The disfiguring Kaposi sarcomas that virtually branded many men dying from AIDS.
"The crushing consequences of the infection are not visable on the streets in the way they were in the 1980s, so that people are not constantly reminded of the devastating effects of AIDS in the way it was seen back then," Berger said.

Load-Date: November 30, 2007


End of Document
CDC: AIDS spirals among minority gays



CDC: AIDS spirals among minority gays
USA TODAY
January 14, 2000, Friday,
FINAL EDITION


Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.
Section: NEWS;
Length: 436 words
Byline: Steve Sternberg
Body


AIDS cases among black and Latino gay men have surpassed those
among gay whites for the first time -- indicating that in these
groups, the epidemic has spiraled out of control, a study out
today shows.
The study, by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
in Atlanta focuses on men who have sex with men. In 1998, within
that group, 51% of the men with AIDS were black or Latino, up
from 31% in 1989. Cases among white gay men declined from 69%
to 48% during that period.
"The African-American and Latino communities must recognize that
this is not a disease that only affects white, gay men," says
Helene Gayle, director of the CDC's AIDS prevention program.
The shift began years ago, Gayle notes, but many policymakers
and black and Latino leaders ignored it.
At least 85% of infected black and Latino men were in cities with
more than half a million people, especially New York (12%), Los
Angeles (9%), Miami (5%), Washington, D.C., (4%) and Chicago (3%).
"This news is alarming for all Americans," says Rafael Campo
of Harvard Medical School. He notes that Latinos are the USA's
fastest-growing minority, with the youngest median age.
"While we are 13% of the U.S. population, we account for 20%
of cumulative AIDS cases," Campo says. "Today's shocking data
are a harbinger of worse to come, unless we act now."
Phill Wilson, director of the University of Southern California's
African-American AIDS Policy & Training Institute, asserts
that the persistent stigma against homosexuality among minorities
promotes AIDS spread among black and Hispanic men and women.
The stigma inhibits black and Hispanic men from identifying themselves
as gay or bisexual, though they have sex with men, he says.
One survey of 8,780 HIV-positive men found that one in four black
men and one in six Latino men say they are heterosexual, even
though they have sex with other men.
Many of these men also have sex with wives and girlfriends, potentially
exposing them to AIDS, too.
"They are a bridge to women and children," Gayle says, adding
they may account for the higher rates of heterosexual spread in
these communities.
Among other findings:
* One-third of AIDS cases in gays and bisexuals occurred
among black men; another 18% was among Hispanics.
* Black and Hispanic gay and bisexual men are being infected
at younger ages than their white counterparts. A study of men
in 25 states from 1996 to 1998 found that 16% of blacks and 13%
of Hispanics were 13 to 24 years old. Nine percent of white gay
men were in that age category.
Roughly 45% of the 703,000 AIDS cases reported in the USA since
1981 have occurred in men who have sex with men, the CDC reports.

Load-Date: January 14, 2000


End of Document
AIDS Rampant Among Young Gay Blacks



AIDS Rampant Among Young Gay Blacks
Associated Press Online
February 5, 2001; Monday


Copyright 2001 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, general news item
Length: 658 words
Byline: DANIEL Q. HANEY 
Dateline: CHICAGO
Body


A stunning one-third of young gay black men in large U.S. cities are infected with HIV, another sign of the growing racial divide in the AIDS epidemic.
The findings, based on a study released Monday, show that HIV infections are disturbingly common among gay men of all races in their 20s, especially considering that they grew up knowing how AIDS spreads.
However, HIV is particularly rampant among young gay blacks, and experts worry that these men have missed the safe-sex message that has been a drumbeat among white homosexual men since the mid-1980s.
The study found that among young gay men, 3 percent of Asians, 7 percent of whites, 15 percent of Hispanics and 30 percent of blacks are infected with the virus.
''That 30 percent is an amazing statistic,'' said Dr. Helene Gayle, AIDS chief at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ''When people think 'gay,' they think 'white.' But the people still at greatest risk are sexually active gay men, and that cuts across all races and ethnicities.''
The study, directed by the CDC's Linda Valleroy, was presented at the Eighth Annual Retrovirus Conference in Chicago. Since this was the first survey ever done among gays of this age group 23 to 29 there are no previous numbers with which to compare these findings.
Since the epidemic's start, when AIDS was primarily a disease of gay white men, the burden of HIV has increasingly shifted to blacks. Now, just over half of the estimated 40,000 new HIV infections annually occur among blacks. Among infected women, blacks outnumber whites almost 4 to 1.
Many worry that homosexual men have grown complacent about catching HIV because effective treatments can hold the disease in check. Some of these gay men may be more likely to have risky sex, such as anal intercourse without condoms.
The new study does not reveal whether dangerous sex practices are growing among the young, but it does show that such habits are common. Almost half of the men surveyed admitted they had had unprotected anal sex during the previous six months.
While the overall infection rate of 12 percent was alarming, the researchers said they were most surprised by the level of AIDS infection among the young black men. ''It's really horrifying,'' Valleroy said.
The survey was based on testing of 2,401 gay men ages 23 to 29 between 1998 and 2000. They were tested at parks, bars, clubs and other gay meeting places in Baltimore, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami, Seattle and New York City.
Except in Miami and Seattle, where few blacks were in the study, the infection rate for blacks was around 30 percent in all the cities.
In general, AIDS infections have become less common among gay men since the height of the epidemic in the 1980s. For instance, in New York, just over half of all gay men of all ages who were tested at venereal disease clinics in 1988 were infected, compared with 20 percent in 1997.
Valleroy said there is no easy explanation for why the disease is so much more prevalent among young gay blacks. But one reason may be that blacks are less likely to admit their homosexuality, so they miss the frequent exhortations for safe sex.
''Being gay is more hidden among African Americans,'' she said. ''There is no Gay Men's Health Crisis for African Americans. They tend not to live in the gay neighborhoods.''
Dr. Carlos del Rio of Emory University in Atlanta, who studies AIDS in inner cities, noted that the disease largely affects populations on the edges of the mainstream, including gay men and poor blacks.
''In African Americans, there is a much greater stigma about being homosexual than there is among whites,'' he said. ''That makes them even more marginalized.''
Less than one-third of those who had HIV in the survey knew about their infection.
An earlier study by the same group looked at AIDS infections among gay 15- to 22-year-olds. It found that 14 percent of blacks were infected.
___
On the Net:
Conference site: http://www.retroconference.org/2001/ 

Load-Date: February 5, 2001


End of Document
$65M for Gay Rights, HIV/AIDS Groups



$65M for Gay Rights, HIV/AIDS Groups
Associated Press Financial Wire
February 25, 2008 Monday 2:26 PM GMT


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: BUSINESS NEWS
Length: 314 words
Byline: By ELIZABETH M. GILLESPIE, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SEATTLE 
Body


The estate of Ric Weiland, a high school classmate of Microsoft Corp. founders Bill Gates and Paul Allen and one of the first five people to work at the software giant, has left $65 million to gay rights and HIV/AIDS organizations.
The bequests were announced Sunday by the Pride Foundation of Seattle, where Weiland was a board member for several years. The foundation called it the largest single bequest ever given to gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender causes.
Gates and Allen hired Weiland in 1975, the year they founded Microsoft. He worked as a project leader for the Microsoft Works word processing and spreadsheet software, and was a lead programmer and developer for the company's BASIC and COBOL systems, two of the first personal computing interfaces. He left Microsoft in 1988.
Weiland donated tens of millions to various organizations from gay rights groups to environmental and education organizations before he died in 2006. He committed suicide at age 53 after a long battle with depression, and survivors include his partner, Mike Schaefer.
The $65 million is among bequests totaling about $160 million the bulk of Weiland's estate to various charities and Stanford University, his undergraduate alma mater, according to an estimate provided by the Pride Foundation.
In the latest bequest, the Pride Foundation said Weiland's estate had established a fund at the foundation that would give $46 million over the next eight years to 10 national gay rights and HIV/AIDS groups, including Lambda Legal; the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force; Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays; the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation; and amfAR, the Foundation for AIDS Research.
His estate also bequeathed $19 million directly to the Pride Foundation for scholarships and grants supporting the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community in the Pacific Northwest.

Load-Date: February 26, 2008


End of Document
Gay rights advocate, AIDS activist McFarlane dies



Gay rights advocate, AIDS activist McFarlane dies
Associated Press Online
May 18, 2009 Monday 11:22 PM GMT


Copyright 2009 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS
Length: 217 words
Dateline: DENVER 
Body


Rodger McFarlane, a Denver-based advocate for gay rights and HIV-AIDS treatment and education, has died while traveling in New Mexico. He was 54.
The New Mexico Office of the Medical Investigator confirmed Monday that McFarlane died Friday in Truth or Consequences but didn't immediately release the cause.
A statement released by Tim Sweeney, president of the Denver-based Gill Foundation, where McFarlane once worked, said McFarlane committed suicide. McFarlane left a note citing back and heart problems that limited his ability to work and travel, the statement said.
"We will eternally be in his debt as a result of his many, lasting contributions," Sweeney said.
McFarlane was executive director of the Gill Foundation from 2004 to 2008. Founded by software entrepreneur Tim Gill, the foundation funds programs advocating lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender civil rights.
Earlier, McFarlane helped found New York's Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS, the Gay Men's Health Crisis and Bailey House, a housing provider for homeless people with HIV, said Fred Saenz, vice president for communication of the Gill Foundation.
McFarlane wrote "The Complete Bedside Companion: A No Nonsense Guide to Caring for the Seriously Ill." Saenz said that book grew out of McFarlane's experience of caring for friends.

Load-Date: May 19, 2009


End of Document
Kenya Legalise Gay Unions, Says Aids Researcher



Kenya; Legalise Gay Unions, Says Aids Researcher
Africa News
May 1, 2007 Tuesday


Copyright 2007 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 458 words
Byline: The East African Standard
Body


Gay relationships should be legalised as a measure to control the spread of HIV/Aids.
Chief Executive Officer of the South African based Human Sciences Research Council, Prof Olive Shisana, told an international conference on HIV/Aids that failure by Governments in Africa to legalise the relationships has adversely contributed to the spread of the disease.
She explained that those who practised the behaviour did it secretly since it was illegal thereby failing to observe preventive measures.
"Statistics have revealed that gay relationships stood in the way of efforts to check the spread of HIV/Aids," Shisana said in a key address.
Said she: "We should be ready to end taboos related to men who have sex with same-sex partners."
Shisana spoke during the first day of the fourth edition of the Sahara International Conference on the social aspects of HIV/Aids at Tom Mboya Labour College in Kisumu, on Monday.
The conference, held in the Lakeside town for the first time, has brought together more than 5,000 participants drawn from all over the world.
Shisana pointed out that African governments needed to accept that gay relationships existed and could not be stopped.
"Why do Africans deny this gay relationships are a reality and they should be allowed," she added.
She noted that countries that legalised gay relationships had recorded positive progress in curbing the spread of the epidemic.
Shisana pointed out that failure by some communities to circumcise men and wife inheritance were major factors that frustrated efforts to fight the disease.
She explained that despite most African countries setting targets for reduction of HIV/Aids prevalence, most of them had failed to achieve the goals.
"We recognise commitment by most African Governments to reduce HIV/Aids prevalence rate by setting targets, but it is a pity that most of them do not achieve these." she explained.
She said that research by United Nations revealed that Uganda and Zimbabwe were among African countries that almost achieved such targets.
She added that women and children hardly access HIV/Aids treatment in the continent.
"Namibia is leading in provision of treatment to women and children," she added.
She noted that 25 per cent of women and children in the country had access to such treatment and Botswana led in provision of anti-retroviral drugs to the infected.
She expressed concern over failure by the Government to address the plight of children orphaned by HIV/Aids. "Most countries have ignored orphans and left them to be exploited by inhuman individuals or institutions," she added.
As a result, she said, most of the orphans resorted to crime to earn a living.
"Effects of HIV/Aids go beyond health hazards. It is to blame for escalating crime," she pointed out.

Load-Date: April 30, 2007


End of Document
Gay rights advocate, AIDS activist McFarlane dies



Gay rights advocate, AIDS activist McFarlane dies
The Associated Press
May 18, 2009 Monday


Copyright 2009 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS
Length: 217 words
Dateline: DENVER 
Body


Rodger McFarlane, a Denver-based advocate for gay rights and HIV-AIDS treatment and education, has died while traveling in New Mexico. He was 54.
The New Mexico Office of the Medical Investigator confirmed Monday that McFarlane died Friday in Truth or Consequences but didn't immediately release the cause.
A statement released by Tim Sweeney, president of the Denver-based Gill Foundation, where McFarlane once worked, said McFarlane committed suicide. McFarlane left a note citing back and heart problems that limited his ability to work and travel, the statement said.
"We will eternally be in his debt as a result of his many, lasting contributions," Sweeney said.
McFarlane was executive director of the Gill Foundation from 2004 to 2008. Founded by software entrepreneur Tim Gill, the foundation funds programs advocating lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender civil rights.
Earlier, McFarlane helped found New York's Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS, the Gay Men's Health Crisis and Bailey House, a housing provider for homeless people with HIV, said Fred Saenz, vice president for communication of the Gill Foundation.
McFarlane wrote "The Complete Bedside Companion: A No Nonsense Guide to Caring for the Seriously Ill." Saenz said that book grew out of McFarlane's experience of caring for friends.

Load-Date: May 19, 2009


End of Document
Gay rights advocate, AIDS activist McFarlane dies



Gay rights advocate, AIDS activist McFarlane dies
The Associated Press State & Local Wire
May 18, 2009 Monday 10:49 PM GMT


Copyright 2009 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: STATE AND REGIONAL
Length: 259 words
Dateline: DENVER 
Body


Rodger McFarlane, a Denver-based advocate for gay rights and HIV-AIDS treatment and education, died Friday while traveling in New Mexico. He was 54.
The New Mexico Office of the Medical Investigator confirmed Monday that McFarlane died in Truth or Consequences, N.M., but didn't immediately release the cause.
A statement released by Tim Sweeney, president of the Denver-based Gill Foundation, where McFarlane once worked, said McFarlane committed suicide. McFarlane left a note citing back and heart problems that limited his ability to work and travel, the statement said.
McFarlane was executive director of the Gill Foundation from 2004 to 2008. Founded by software entrepreneur Tim Gill, the foundation funds programs advocating lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender civil rights.
Earlier, McFarlane helped found New York's Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS, the Gay Men's Health Crisis and Bailey House, a housing provider for homeless people with HIV, said Fred Saenz, vice president for communication of the Gill Foundation.
"Rodger used his amazing intellect and strategic vision to further the LGBT, HIV-AIDS and other social justice movements," Sweeney's statement said. "We will eternally be in his debt as a result of his many, lasting contributions."
After leaving the Gill Foundation, McFarlane stayed in Denver but traveled extensively in the Southwest, Saenz said.
McFarlane wrote "The Complete Bedside Companion: A No Nonsense Guide to Caring for the Seriously Ill." Saenz said that book grew out of McFarlane's experience of caring for friends.

Load-Date: May 19, 2009


End of Document
$65 MILLION FOR GAYS, AIDS



$65 MILLION FOR GAYS, AIDS
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)
February 25, 2008 Monday
SOONER EDITION


Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.
Section: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-2
Length: 460 words
Body


SEATTLE -- The estate of Ric Weiland, a high school classmate of Microsoft Corp. founders Bill Gates and Paul Allen and one of the first five people to work at the software giant, has left $65 million to gay rights and HIV/AIDS organizations.
The bequests were announced yesterday by the Pride Foundation of Seattle, where Mr. Weiland was a board member for several years. The foundation called it the largest single bequest ever given to gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender causes.
Mr. Gates and Mr. Allen hired Mr. Weiland in 1975, the year they founded Microsoft. He worked as a project leader for the Microsoft Works word processing and spreadsheet software, and was a lead programmer and developer for the company's BASIC and COBOL systems. He left Microsoft in 1988.
Mr. Weiland donated tens of millions to various organizations -- from gay rights groups to environmental and education organizations -- before he died in 2006. He committed suicide at age 53 after a long battle with depression.
The $65 million is among bequests totaling about $160 million -- the bulk of Mr. Weiland's estate-- to various charities and Stanford University, his undergraduate alma mater, according to an estimate provided by the Pride Foundation.
Five in LA family killed
LOS ANGELES -- A 14-year-old boy was the lone survivor of an apparent murder-suicide that left five family members, including three children, dead across the street from the Richard Nixon Library.
A neighbor dialed 911 late Saturday to report shots fired. Two minutes later, the teen told police that his father had shot him and his brother at their condo complex in Yorba Linda, a bedroom community about 40 miles southeast of Los Angeles.
Police found five people, including three children, dead of gunshot wounds. The teen's mother was discovered on the doorstep, said Lt. Jack Conklin of the Brea Police Department, which was investigating.
Inside the home, police found the bodies of two girls in a bedroom; they had apparently been asleep in their beds. The body of a boy was discovered in another bedroom, along with the body of a man with a shotgun beneath him. Authorities are still figuring out a motive but believe the father was the gunman.
Also in the nation ...
The national average price for gasoline is 16 cents higher than it was two weeks ago, according to the Lundberg Survey of 7,000 stations nationwide. The average price of self-serve regular gasoline on Friday was $3.10 a gallon, mid-grade was $3.22 and premium was $3.33. ... Another burn patient has died of injuries suffered in an explosion and fire at a Georgia sugar refinery two weeks ago, bringing the death toll to 11, officials said yesterday. Twelve other patients remain in critical condition and two are in serious condition.

Load-Date: February 26, 2008


End of Document
China opens first gay HIV/AIDS clinic



China opens first gay HIV/AIDS clinic
ABC Transcripts (Australia) PM 8:48 PM AEST ABC
November 30, 2006 Thursday 8:48 PM AEST


Copyright 2006 Australian Broadcasting Corporation All Rights Reserved


Length: 643 words
Reporters: Stephen McDonell
Body


MARK COLVIN: China has opened its first gay HIV clinic.
In a country where homosexuality is rarely publicly acknowledged, the new service shows a clear shift in Government attitude to the country's growing HIV/AIDS crisis.
But even a step in the right direction hasn't stopped the police detaining gay activists for organising an AIDS conference on the eve of World AIDS Day.
China Correspondent Stephen McDonell reports.
(Sounds of dance music)
STEPHEN MCDONELL: In the underground gay clubs of Beijing, locals like Zhao Zheng admit many of their friends have been afraid to be checked for HIV for fear of persecution.
(Sounds of Zheo Zheng speaking)
ZHEO ZHENG (translation): They're afraid to run into some problems or that others might know they've gone for a test because Chinese people have a way of thinking that, if you go to a hospital, it means you do have some problems.
STEPHEN MCDONELL: With a ballooning HIV infection rate that's seen officially reported cases grow by 30 per cent this year, the Government could hardly go on pretending there are no gay Chinese if it hopes to treat the problem.
Day One at the new gay HIV clinic in Beijing - the first in China. Volunteers help hospital staff unpack the pamphlets as the first patients arrive.
Xiao Dong is the Director of the Chaoyang AIDS Volunteer Group and he help set up the centre.
(Sounds of Xiao Dong speaking)
XIAO DONG (translation): We hope this clinic could help change the attitude of doctors in China towards gay people. We may run into resistance but we want to play a constructive role.
STEPHEN MCDONELL: The gay clinic is being funded by the Government, showing a clear change of attitude amongst some in high places.
But gay activists are still regularly plucked off the streets for questioning and last year the police raided a gay cultural festival.
Wan Yanhai is the Director of an NGO campaigning on HIV and gays issues. He regularly sees his colleagues and those in similar community organisations harassed by the police.
WAN YANHAI: If they work independently, sometimes they may be visited by the police. Sometimes you know, they may hear they've been investigated by the police and if the activist involved with advocacy, working with human rights defenders, they may even have some harassment or threatening.
This year many AIDS activists, including people living with AIDS were detained or put on house arrest.
STEPHEN MCDONELL: This week Wan Yanhai was reminded first hand that that some police view his activities as subversive and dangerous.
His institute had planned a conference to coincide with tomorrow's World AIDS day. Two police came to his office. The conference was cancelled and he was taken off for three days of questioning.
Yet, even after that, he says gay activist groups are making headway in China.
He says in this week's marathon Q and A session with the authorities, the police were polite to him and seemed genuinely interested to hear about his group's activities and the broader issues facing China's gays and lesbians.
Do you think that at senior levels in the Chinese government, there is a changing of attitude towards gays and HIV/AIDS?
WAN YANHAI: Yes, yes I think so, yes.
STEPHEN MCDONELL: What makes you think this?
WAN YANHAI: I think in general the Government understand they need to work with NGO's, they need to hold the hand of people and they need more political tolerance.
(Sounds of dance music)
STEPHEN MCDONELL: Gay bars and clubs exist but they couldn't advertise themselves that way.
Yet the patrons are mostly optimistic about their future in China.
(Sounds of Zhao Zheng speaking)
ZHAO ZHENG (translation): The social status of these people is increasing; actually they have seen more and more sunlight in their dark world.
STEPHEN MCDONELL: Zhao Zheng thinks his gay mates will definitely use the new Clinic.
This is Stephen McDonell in Beijing for PM.

Load-Date: November 30, 2006


End of Document
$65M for Gay Rights, HIV/AIDS Groups



$65M for Gay Rights, HIV/AIDS Groups
Associated Press Online
February 24, 2008 Sunday 8:41 PM GMT


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS
Length: 314 words
Byline: By ELIZABETH M. GILLESPIE, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SEATTLE 
Body


The estate of Ric Weiland, a high school classmate of Microsoft Corp. founders Bill Gates and Paul Allen and one of the first five people to work at the software giant, has left $65 million to gay rights and HIV/AIDS organizations.
The bequests were announced Sunday by the Pride Foundation of Seattle, where Weiland was a board member for several years. The foundation called it the largest single bequest ever given to gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender causes.
Gates and Allen hired Weiland in 1975, the year they founded Microsoft. He worked as a project leader for the Microsoft Works word processing and spreadsheet software, and was a lead programmer and developer for the company's BASIC and COBOL systems, two of the first personal computing interfaces. He left Microsoft in 1988.
Weiland donated tens of millions to various organizations from gay rights groups to environmental and education organizations before he died in 2006. He committed suicide at age 53 after a long battle with depression, and survivors include his partner, Mike Schaefer.
The $65 million is among bequests totaling about $160 million the bulk of Weiland's estate to various charities and Stanford University, his undergraduate alma mater, according to an estimate provided by the Pride Foundation.
In the latest bequest, the Pride Foundation said Weiland's estate had established a fund at the foundation that would give $46 million over the next eight years to 10 national gay rights and HIV/AIDS groups, including Lambda Legal; the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force; Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays; the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation; and amfAR, the Foundation for AIDS Research.
His estate also bequeathed $19 million directly to the Pride Foundation for scholarships and grants supporting the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community in the Pacific Northwest.

Load-Date: February 25, 2008


End of Document
Gays still bitter at inaction on AIDS



Gays still bitter at inaction on AIDS
The Australian
June 9, 2004 Wednesday All-round Country Edition


Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Section: WORLD; Pg. 7
Length: 272 words
Body


NEW YORK: Ronald Reagan's death has gone largely unmourned by the US's gay community, which still harbours bitter memories of his indifference to the emerging AIDs epidemic in the 1980s.
 Gay activists yesterday offered sharply divergent verdicts on the Reagan presidency, which they see as tainted with the blood of thousands of victims of the HIV scourge.
AFP
Initial public awareness of the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome dates to the early days of Reagan's first term, with the 1981 publication of an article in The New York Times that detailed a rare cancer being seen in the homosexual community.
 The acronym AIDS was first used in 1982 when more than 1500 Americans were diagnosed with the disease.
 Reagan, as gay activists still angrily point out, never mentioned the word in public until 1987, by which time about 60,000 cases had been diagnosed, of whom half had died.
 The lack of significant federal funding to combat AIDS is cited by many as a major factor in the dramatic spread of the disease.
 In the critical years of 1984-1985, according to his White House physician, Reagan thought of AIDS as though "it was measles and would go away".
 Some gay activists label Reagan homophobic, while others focus on the record of his administration and the conservative agenda of the New Right and Moral Majority movements that flourished under his presidency.
 "I don't think Reagan hated gay people," National Gay and Lesbian Task Force executive director Matt Foreman said yesterday.
 "But I do know the Reagan administration's policies on AIDS and anything gay-related resulted -- and continue to result -- in despair and death."

Load-Date: June 8, 2004


End of Document
How AIDS strengthened the gay-marriage movement



How AIDS strengthened the gay-marriage movement
National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)
June 9, 2006 Friday
National Edition


Copyright 2006 National Post All Rights Reserved
Section: EDITORIALS; Pg. A16
Length: 691 words
Byline: Jonathan Rauch, The New York Times
Dateline: WASHINGTON 
Body


WASHINGTON - We feared for our lives; we prayed for a remedy. What none of us in the gay world imagined, when word of a mysterious affliction surfaced 25 years ago this week, was what proved to be the epidemic's most important moral legacy: AIDS transformed the gay-marriage movement from implausible to inevitable.
In May 1970, two men applied for a marriage licence in Minnesota and then filed suit after being refused. The gay world hardly noticed. "Support for marriage was a distinctly minority position in the gay and lesbian movement," wrote the historian George Chauncey. "After an initial flurry of activity, marriage virtually disappeared as a goal of the movement."
Marriage, after all, hardly seemed relevant. The master narrative for gay life was: come out, leave home, gorge at the banquet of sexual liberation. Gay men celebrated their image as sexual rebels; straight America was happy to consign them to that role. After the emergence of AIDS in 1981, the master narrative changed from ubiquitous sex to ubiquitous death. Death became, as the writer Andrew Sullivan noted at the height of the epidemic, not just an event in gay America but "an environment." For the stricken there were lesions, chills, wasting, death; for friends and lovers, there was grief compounded by despair.
But there was also an epidemic of care giving. Lovers, friends and AIDS "buddies" were spooning food, emptying bedpans, holding wracked bodies through the night. They were assuming the burdens of marriage at its hardest. They were also showing that no relative, government program or charity is as dependable or consoling as a dedicated partner.
Yet gay partners were strangers to each other in the law's eyes. In many Western nations, they were ineligible for spousal health insurance that they desperately needed; they were often barred from hospital rooms, locked out of homes they had shared for years, even shut out of the country if they were foreign citizens. Their love went unmentioned at funerals; their bequests were challenged and ignored. Heterosexual couples solved all those problems with a marriage license. Gay couples couldn't solve them at any price.
Though few said so (no one wanted to be callous, not with people dying), many also knew that the culture of promiscuity and alienation was a culture of death. In 1981, I was 21 and terrified of coming out. I feared disease and discrimination, but even more I feared the cultural isolation and anomie of the gay ghetto. If being gay meant rejecting mainstream values, having disconnected sex and then dying, I wanted no part of it.
To me, the idea of same-sex marriage sounded like the Coast Guard's hail to a castaway. It promised a new narrative: of commitment, of connectedness, of a community bound by stories of love, not death. For many gay people, the logic of marriage became as compelling as it had once been contemptible.
The public changed, too. Support for legal same-sex relations reached its nadir in the second half of the 1980s, according to Gallup polling, but the 1990s brought a surprise. The share of the U.S. public saying consensual same-sex relations should be legal rebounded and then became a majority, as did the percentage saying homosexuality "should be considered an acceptable alternative lifestyle."
Watching gays become family to each other, the public saw nobility. AIDS reminded the country that a good marriage is the best public-health measure known to man. "Gay marriage," so recently an oxymoron, began to make sense.
Yes, the idea of same-sex marriage predated AIDS. But would gay America have internalized as deeply the need for marriage if it had not first internalized HIV? Would straight America have been as willing to consider gay marriage if not for AIDS? Impossible. In gay cultural history, marriage is to AIDS much as Israel is to the Holocaust in Jewish cultural history. It offers a safer shore, a better life and a promise: never again.
- Jonathan Rauch, a senior writer for National Journal and a guest scholar at the Brookings Institution, is the author of Gay Marriage: Why It Is Good for Gays, Good for Straights and Good for America.

Load-Date: June 9, 2006


End of Document
Cascade AIDS Project, Regions' Leading AIDS Organization, Responds to Alarming HIV Increases in Gay/Bi Men



Cascade AIDS Project, Regions' Leading AIDS Organization, Responds to Alarming HIV Increases in Gay/Bi Men
Business Wire
July 28, 2003, Monday


Copyright 2003 Business Wire, Inc.
Length: 420 words
Dateline: PORTLAND, Ore., July 28, 2003
Body


Cascade AIDS Project (CAP), the regions' leading HIV/AIDS organization, today expressed alarm at data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention revealing significant increases in HIV infection among gay and bisexual men nationwide. While comparable increases in new HIV infections have not yet been seen in the Portland metropolitan area, the quadrupling of syphilis cases among gay and bisexual men in 2002 over 2001 is troubling evidence of increases in high-risk sexual behavior -- the same behavior that can result in HIV transmission. Historically, many cities seeing similar increases in syphilis in gay and bisexual men experienced increases in HIV infection rates in the same group within 2-3 years. "The dramatic rise of HIV cases already occurring among gay and bisexual men in our regions' neighboring cities, Seattle and San Francisco, are startling evidence of our need to remain vigilant, and to redouble our prevention efforts," stated Thomas Bruner, CAP executive director.
In response to these disturbing trends, CAP has recently increased its prevention outreach presence in venues frequented by gay and bisexual men at high risk in public sex environments, and has also added programming to reach men who seek out sexual partners through Internet chat rooms. CAP is also working with the Multnomah County Health Department to increase efforts to collaborate with owners of sexually oriented businesses in the area to promote safer sex practices.
In response to the release of the latest national data, CAP is available to help clarify what these latest figures mean to the public, and to provide information to those seeking information. Additionally, CAP's statewide toll-free AIDS Hotline (800-777-AIDS) is on standby to field public calls and concerns.
CAP is the leading community-based provider of HIV prevention, support, housing and advocacy in Oregon and Southwest Washington. Last year, CAP educated 25,000 youth and adults about HIV prevention, and served 1,600 men, women and children with HIV or AIDS and their family members. CAP operates with 700 volunteers, 46 staff and a $3.8 million budget. Some 6,000 families in Oregon and southwest Washington have had a loved one diagnosed with AIDS since 1982. Several thousand more families in the area are believed to have a loved one infected with HIV.
CONTACT: Cascade AIDS Project
Thomas Bruner, 503-223-5907 ext. 223 - o
503-249-7129 - h
tbruner@cascadeaids.org  
URL: http://www.businesswire.com

Load-Date: July 29, 2003


End of Document
'Gay plague' conservative quits US Aids panel



'Gay plague' conservative quits US Aids panel
The Guardian (London)
January 25, 2003


Copyright 2003 Guardian Newspapers Limited
Section: Guardian Foreign Pages, Pg. 15
Length: 406 words
Byline: Gary Younge in New York
Body


 A Christian conservative chosen to serve on the US presidential council on HIV/Aids has withdrawn his name after he called Aids the "gay plague", sparking protests from congressional Democrats which forced the Bush administration to distance itself from him.
 In a letter explaining his withdrawal, Jerry Thacker, who had also railed against "the sin of homosexuality", claimed his reference to a gay plague was made when "describing the historical context" of Aids and was taken out of context. He advocates abstinence programmes and "reparative therapy" to treat "aberrant" homosexual behaviour.
News of his appointment on the 35-strong advisory panel prompted an avalanche of criticism.
 The Senate minority leader, Tom Daschle, said: "Thacker's characterisation of Aids as the gay plague and his offensive public statements about homosexuality indicate a disturbing bias that is completely at odds with the role the advisory commission should play."
 The White House was quick to disown Mr Thacker's views on HIV and Aids. "That remark is far removed from what the president believes," said Mr Bush's press spokesman, Ari Fleischer. "The president's view is people with Aids need to be treated with care, compassion."
 But gay rights activists said that while the withdrawal was welcome, the initial appointment was indicative of the Bush administration's "inadequate attitude" towards HIV and Aids.
 "The underlying problem remains," said David Smith, a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign, the country's biggest gay and lesbian advocacy group.
 "Their single-minded focus on abstinence as the only mechanism for preventing the transmission of HIV is unrealistic, not based on science, and could cause enormous harm."
 Mr Thacker is HIV positive, having contracted the virus from his wife who was infected by a blood transfusion in 1984.
 Before she was aware that she had the virus, she passed it on to her husband and daughter.
 Mr Thacker said he was not anti-gay. "I am, however, anti-HIV/Aids," he wrote.
 "The three infected people in our family - my wife, daughter and myself - would not wish this disease on any other human being."
 Of the panel as a whole, to which seven new members have been appointed, the HRC said: "There are several good appointments, and the overall picture is a mixed bag.
 "But Thacker was beyond the pale. We hope someone would be held accountable for putting his name forward."
 More at guardian.co.uk/aids

Load-Date: January 26, 2003


End of Document
Beijing's gay venues join AIDS intervention campaign



Beijing's gay venues join AIDS intervention campaign
BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political 
Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring
June 12, 2007 Tuesday


Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation All Rights Reserved
Length: 418 words
Body


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News Agency)
["Beijing Gay Venues Join AIDS Intervention Campaign" - Xinhua headline]
Beijing, June 12 (Xinhua) - The owners of 19 popular gay entertainment venues in Beijing - bars, massage and health centres - are to hand out free condoms to combat the rising incidence of HIV/AIDS in the city's gay population.
The owners of the venues will distribute AIDS prevention pamphlets and advise on safe sex after signing up to the Beijing Anti-AIDS Association for MSM (men who have sex with men) Venues, which was jointly initiated on May 31 by AIDS prevention organizations in Chaoyang District.
"As far as we know, such venues are already frequented by HIV-infected gays. It would be irresponsible if we did not take urgent prevention measures," said Xiao Dong, a worker with the Chaoyang Chinese AIDS Volunteer Group.
The owners and their staff would try to educate gays on the necessity of HIV/AIDS tests as many gays were unwilling to have them, said Xiao.
The association would carry out AIDS prevention training for the owners and staff in July to teach them how to better raise AIDS prevention knowledge among gays, he said.
The city had seen an increasing number of HIV infections from sexual behaviour among gays, said Ma Xiaoyan, an expert with the Beijing municipal disease prevention and control centre.
"The HIV infection rate through gay sex was 1.5 per cent in 2004, but it rose to 6.9 per cent in Beijing last year," said Ma, whose laboratory conducts final diagnoses of HIV/AIDS cases in the city.
The age of HIV infection cases was falling, said Ma, citing the example of an 18-year-old who was diagnosed with AIDS.
Ma blamed the increase in cases on a low rate of condom use and frequent sex with multiple partners.
Xiao Dong said the number venues that had joined the association was only about half of the 39 venues he contacted. He called on more venues to sign up.
China has five to ten million gay men, according to official figures. However, some experts estimate the homosexual population is around 50 million.
The HIV infection rate is estimated at one to four per cent among gay men, who are the second largest high-risk group after drug addicts.
Official statistics show that among the 650,000 Chinese living with HIV/AIDS, 44.3 per cent were infected through drug injection, 10.7 per cent through blood transfusions and 43.6 per cent through unsafe sex.
Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 0748 gmt 12 Jun 07

Load-Date: June 12, 2007


End of Document
AIDS infects 30% of gay young blacks



AIDS infects 30% of gay young blacks
Deseret News (Salt Lake City)
February 6, 2001, Tuesday


Copyright 2001 The Deseret News Publishing Co.
Section: WIRE;
Length: 360 words
Byline: New York Times News Service
Body


CHICAGO -- Thirty percent of young gay black men are infected with the AIDS virus, according to a study of six large cities in the United States, federal researchers said here Monday.
The study, conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from 1998 through 2000 in Baltimore, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York and Seattle, found that gay black men in their 20s had the highest HIV infection rate of any group in that age range.
The study found that among young gay men, 15 percent of Hispanics, 7 percent of non-Hispanic whites and 3 percent of Asian-Americans were infected with the virus. Overall, the study found that 12.3 percent of gay and bisexual men from 23 to 29 were infected with HIV, the AIDS virus.
"The rates are strikingly high and worrisome," Dr. Robert Janssen, a co-author of the study, said in an interview. "We have not been putting adequate resources into gay men of color. And we definitely need to bolster our efforts in reaching them."
The study also found that gay and bisexual men in their 20s of all races were engaging in behavior that put them at high risk for AIDS, said federal researchers who presented the findings at the Eighth Annual Retrovirus Meeting.
A total of 46 percent of participants said they had unprotected sex during the preceding six months. Officials at the centers called the figure "alarming" because the men grew up and went to school in an era when widespread publicity and prevention efforts were directed at AIDS. Many older gay men became infected before AIDS was recognized. The disease was first detected in 1981 when the men in the new study were from 3 to 9 years old.
A similar study by the centers from 1994 to 1998 found that 7 percent of 15- to 22-year-old gay and bisexual men were infected by HIV, Janssen said. That study found that 14 percent of blacks were infected, 7 percent of Hispanics and 3 percent of non-Hispanic whites. In recent years, about 40,000 Americans have become newly infected each year, with blacks accounting for slightly more than half of the new cases. At the height of the epidemic in the early 1980s, there were more than 150,000 new infections annually.

Load-Date: February 6, 2001


End of Document
Gay man to lead Bush AIDS fight



Gay man to lead Bush AIDS fight
The Australian
April 11, 2001, Wednesday


Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Section: WORLD; Pg. 11
Length: 242 words
Body


WASHINGTON: President George W. Bush has nominated an openly gay Republican Party member to head his administration's policy unit on fighting AIDS.
 Scott Evertz is the first openly gay person nominated to a top job in the Bush administration.
AFPIf approved by Congress, he would head the Office of National AIDS Policy, the White House announced.
 "The President picks the best people for their jobs, regardless of what their backgrounds may or may not be," said Mr Bush's spokesman, Ari Fleischer.
 "The President respects him, knows that he is leader in the community that is fighting AIDS, and he will be welcome at this White House," Mr Fleischer said.
 Mr Evertz, 38, was described as a Catholic and an anti-abortion activist. He is also head of the Wisconsin state chapter of the Log Cabin Republicans, a group that represents homosexual Republicans.
 Mr Bush is committed "to fighting AIDS and to having a high-level focus here at the White House to get that job done", Mr Fleischer said.
 The Human Rights Campaign, a US-based group that focuses on gay issues, praised Mr Bush for naming Mr Evertz to the job.
 The nomination "marks the first time that an openly gay person holds the post, and is a major sign that the administration is fully committed to fighting HIV/AIDS", the group said.
 However, the commission "expressed concern … that the administration's proposed budget will fail to adequately fund crucial HIV/AIDS care and prevention programs".

Load-Date: November 27, 2001


End of Document
Gay Marriage, Somalia , AIDS



Gay Marriage, Somalia, AIDS
National Public Radio (NPR) News & Notes 9:00 AM EST 
November 29, 2006 Wednesday


Copyright 2006 National Public Radio (R) All Rights Reserved
Length: 870 words
Anchors: FARAI CHIDEYA
Body


FARAI CHIDEYA, host:
In this week's Africa Update, more conflict in Somalia. Plus, the late journalist Ed Bradley. He's left thousands in his will to help fight AIDS in Africa. And earlier today, South Africa voted to recognize gay marriage. NPR's special Africa correspondent Charlayne Hunter-Gault told me that not everyone in the country is happy with that move.
CHARLAYNE HUNTER-GAULT: Well, there's been opposition, and this is likely to continue because this opposition is based in tradition. Religious groups have argued that this is going to infuriate the gods, that it goes against the tradition of male-female relationships. 
There's a long-standing African taboo all over the continent against homosexuality, and a lot of the religious leaders have argued that it's going to lead to the disintegration of the family and abnormal sexual behavior like sodomy. But the ruling ANC gave overwhelming support to the bill.
CHIDEYA: Maybe you can give us a little more context on South Africa's constitution and why this - it makes sense in terms of how the country, post- Apartheid, has legally structured itself.
HUNTER-GAULT: South Africa's young constitution is one of the most liberal in the world. And officials have talked about how this new, young democracy, still only 11 years old, has sought to distinguish itself from its unjust and painful past. And also that, you know, the traditional concepts of Africa, African tradition, has to evolve, has to change with the times. And the lead person on this has been South Africa's minister of Home Affairs, Nosiviwe Mapisa-Ngakula, and she has said that, you know, South African society has to roll with the times.
CHIDEYA: All right. Well, want to move ahead to a more somber topic of Somalia. That's a nation you're very familiar with, and you have been there many times. Now it looks as if there's even more strife coming between the government and the Islamists controlling the city of Mogadishu. Tell us about that.
HUNTER-GAULT: Yeah, absolutely. I've been going to Somalia since 1991, when the dictator who ruled the country for many years was overthrown. And since that time, we have a failed state in the horn of Africa, which, as you know, is right on the edge of the continent. And now, because of the problems with the Islamists who are trying to impose Islamic rule in the country against the elected government, the possibility now of a war that will engulf the entire horn of Africa - which includes Kenya, Somalia, Ethiopia, Eritrea - that possibility looms very large.
CHIDEYA: Well, how effective is this government, the Somali government? Because they seem to be, from what I understand, in some ways exiled by their own country.
HUNTER-GAULT: Well, they're in the country now. They're in Baidoa, which is one of the towns; but they can't get to Mogadishu, which was the capital, because these Islamists have taken over. So the Islamists have gained some support because they have tried to rein in the weapons that keep the country in this fragile and violent state. But at the same time, the big fear is that the Islamists will impose the kind of Taliban-like government you had in Afghanistan which puts women back in the home, makes them wear the veil, makes them, you know, covered, and all of the conservative things that many would be opposed to in Somalia.
CHIDEYA: Finally, I want to turn to what might be considered a small silver lining out of the tragedy, the death of Ed Bradley. You spoke very movingly at his memorial, and he will be missed by so many. But he's also given some of his money that he left in his will to an Africa-related organization. Can you tell us about that?
HUNTER-GAULT: Yes, I mean we all mourn the loss of Ed, who leaves a powerful legacy as a journalist and as a friend, as I guess my best friend. But I think his legacy will live, and it will partly through the kinds of gifts he's given to people like Priscilla Higham, who is a good personal friend.
And she started something called African Solutions to African Problems, ASAP, virtually by herself but with the help of seed money from people like Ed Bradley and Jimmy Buffet. And she has now leveraged that money to create a really successful program that is helping South African women who have been volunteering their time in the rural areas where they've had no real support from anywhere.
She now has raised hundreds of thousands of dollars to help those volunteers mitigate the impact of HIV and AIDS on orphans and vulnerable children, particularly in the rural areas. Bradley left quite a large sum of money with the public. It's over $150,000, I think, for this work to be carried on. So his legacy will live both in America and Africa - especially South Africa - and probably, we hope, all over the world. 
CHIDEYA: Well, Charlayne, that's a great place to leave it. Thank you so much.
HUNTER-GAULT: Thank you, Farai.
CHIDEYA: Charlayne Hunter-Gault is NPR's special Africa correspondent.
(Soundbite of music)
CHIDEYA: Well that's our show for today and thank you for sharing your time with us. To listen to the show, visit npr.org. NEWS & NOTES was created by NPR News and the African-American Public Radio Consortium.
I'm Farai Chideya. This is NEWS & NOTES.

Load-Date: November 30, 2006


End of Document
Ugandan police arrest gay protestors at AIDS conference



Ugandan police arrest gay protestors at AIDS conference
Deutsche Presse-Agentur
June 4, 2008 Wednesday 9:47 AM EST


Copyright 2008 Deutsche Presse-Agentur All Rights Reserved
Length: 276 words
Dateline: Kampala 
Body


DPA x Uganda Society Health  Ugandan police arrest gay protestors at AIDS conference Kampala   
Ugandan Police arrested a group of gay activists
demanding the right to HIV/AIDS treatment at an international AIDS
conference in Kampala on Wednesday.
  
Hundreds of activists disrupted the morning plenary session of the
conference, calling for rights, recognition and access to services
and funds extended to groups involved in the fight against the spread
of HIV/AIDS.
  
"We came to demonstrate because there is a need to include gay
Ugandans in HIV programmes," the group's leader, Julian Onziema, 28,
told Deutsche Presse-Agentur dpa shortly before he was arrested.
  
The number of Ugandan homosexuals is not known, but membership of
gay groups is believed to be increasing as activists step up their
attempts to secure gay rights.
  
Uganda does not recognize gay rights and people found guilty of
homosexual acts can be sentenced to life imprisonment. However,
nobody has ever been convicted of the crime.
  
Homosexuality is frowned upon in many African nations.
  
Gambian President Yahya Gammeh recently threatened to "cut off the
head" of any homosexual caught in the West African nation.
  
Two Spanish tourists were arrested on Tuesday for making
homosexual advances to Gambian taxi drivers, but are now believed to
have been released.
  
Homosexuality carries a sentence of up to 14 years in Gambia.
  
More than 1,700 delegates are attending the five-day conference
that began in Kampala Tuesday.
  
They are examining the challenges faced by governments, non-
governmental organizations and United Nations agencies in the fight
against the spread of HIV/AIDS.
  Jun 0408 0947 GMT  

Load-Date: June 5, 2008


End of Document
Openly gay marchers debut at Haiti AIDS rally



Openly gay marchers debut at Haiti AIDS rally
Associated Press Online
December 1, 2008 Monday 1:13 AM GMT


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWS
Length: 473 words
Byline: By JONATHAN M. KATZ, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: ST. MARC Haiti
Body


A dozen men in T-shirts declaring "I am gay" and "I am living with HIV/AIDS" marched with hundreds of other demonstrators through a Haitian city on Sunday in what organizers called the Caribbean nation's first openly gay march.
The march, held a day ahead of World AIDS Day in the western city of St. Marc, called for better prevention and treatment in a country long plagued by the virus.
Organizers said they hoped the march will break barriers to reach more HIV-positive people and gay men with programs that have helped decrease the country's infection rate by two-thirds in the last decade.
"They suffer double the stigma and double the discrimination," said Esther Boucicault Stanislas, a leading activist known as the first person in Haiti to publicly declare that she was HIV-positive after her husband died of AIDS in the early 1990s.
About 500 participants that included health ministry officials and workers with United Nations programs followed a speaker-truck through the dusty city, chanting and carrying banners en route to the mayor's office. No officials received them.
AIDS awareness marches have taken place before in Haiti, but Boucicault and organizers with New York-based AIDS service organization Housing Works called this one the first march to include an openly gay group in Haiti.
The nation of 9 million remains the most affected by HIV in the Caribbean, itself the region with the highest infection rate outside Sub-Saharan Africa.
Haiti has long fought stigmatization and discrimination after its migrants were some of the first AIDS cases identified in the United States. Unfounded beliefs that Haitians caused the epidemic helped decimate the country's tourism industry.
The country has since been a success story, with its HIV infection rate falling from 5.9 percent in 1996 to 2.2 percent today due in part to programs like the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, which has given Haiti more than $320 million since 2004. The deaths of people with HIV also contributed to the decline.
But gay men remain at risk because they hide from social programs due to prejudice and harassment, despite making up one-tenth of reported HIV cases in the Caribbean, the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS reported.
In socially conservative Haiti, discrimination runs especially deep.
Debate over Prime Minister Michele Pierre-Louis' nomination earlier this year centered almost entirely on rumors that she was a lesbian, with lawmakers standing up one after another to denounce her as immoral. She was approved for the post only after agreeing to read a statement on Haitian radio that the rumors were defamatory and untrue.
On Sunday, opposition was muted to the small contingent wearing white T-shirts bearing the word "masisi" a Haitian Creole slur for gay men that the marchers celebrated and chanted as their own.

Load-Date: December 1, 2008


End of Document
Rodger McFarlane, Gay-Rights Leader and AIDS Activist



Rodger McFarlane, Gay-Rights Leader and AIDS Activist
The Chronicle of Philanthropy
June 4, 2009 Thursday


Copyright 2009 The Chronicle of Philanthropy All Rights Reserved
Section: MANAGING; Pg. 43; Vol. 21; No. 16
Length: 417 words
Byline: Caroline Bermudez
Body


Age at death: 54
Major philanthropy jobs: Mr. McFarlane was the first paid executive director of Gay Men's Health Crisis, in New York. He also led Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS, a group that provides grants and raises money for AIDS services, and was a founder of Bailey House, which offers housing and other support services to homeless people with HIV and AIDS. Mr. McFarlane also served as Bailey House's board president and most recently was executive director of the Gill Foundation, a grant maker in Denver that is one of the biggest philanthropies that supports gay rights.
How he made his mark: In 1981, long before most people knew about AIDS, he used his own telephone to set up the first hotline for people with symptoms. Recalls Tim Sweeney, a longtime colleague and executive director of the Gill Foundation: "I've said to people, he took a telephone, literally, and changed the course of a pandemic." Marjorie J. Hill, chief executive of Gay Men's Health Crisis, says Mr. McFarlane was instrumental in drawing attention to the disease in the early years of the epidemic. "Rodger was one of the first people to reach out to social-work institutions and other service providers and get social workers in to provide much needed services," Ms. Hill says. She also credits him with being a mentor not only to her but to hundreds of others in the fields of gay rights and AIDS advocacy.
How he spent his early years: Mr. McFarlane grew up on a farm in rural Alabama and never finished college. He served in the U.S. Navy and was a licensed nuclear engineer who conducted strategic missions in the North Atlantic and far Arctic regions aboard a submarine.
Activities he pursued off the job: He was an avid athlete who participated in seven expeditions to the North Pole and in Eco-Challenges in Morocco and Fiji, where he captained an all-gay, mostly female crew. He wrote a much-praised book called The Complete Bedside Companion: No Nonsense Advice on Caring for the Seriously Ill, and co-produced The Destiny of Me, a play written by Larry Kramer that was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize.
How he died: Mr. McFarlane committed suicide, saying he could no longer take the suffering of debilitating back and heart troubles.
How he will be remembered: Mr. McFarlane, who was 6-foot-7, was brash, tough, funny, and above all unforgettable, Mr. Sweeney says.
Philanthropy award his friends would like to have bestowed: "If there was a Tony for organizing, it would have Rodger's name on it," says Ms. Hill.

Load-Date: June 4, 2009


End of Document
Openly gay marchers debut at Haiti AIDS rally



Openly gay marchers debut at Haiti AIDS rally
The Associated Press
December 1, 2008 Monday


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWS
Length: 473 words
Byline: By JONATHAN M. KATZ, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: ST. MARC, Haiti 
Body


A dozen men in T-shirts declaring "I am gay" and "I am living with HIV/AIDS" marched with hundreds of other demonstrators through a Haitian city on Sunday in what organizers called the Caribbean nation's first openly gay march.
The march, held a day ahead of World AIDS Day in the western city of St. Marc, called for better prevention and treatment in a country long plagued by the virus.
Organizers said they hoped the march will break barriers to reach more HIV-positive people and gay men with programs that have helped decrease the country's infection rate by two-thirds in the last decade.
"They suffer double the stigma and double the discrimination," said Esther Boucicault Stanislas, a leading activist known as the first person in Haiti to publicly declare that she was HIV-positive after her husband died of AIDS in the early 1990s.
About 500 participants that included health ministry officials and workers with United Nations programs followed a speaker-truck through the dusty city, chanting and carrying banners en route to the mayor's office. No officials received them.
AIDS awareness marches have taken place before in Haiti, but Boucicault and organizers with New York-based AIDS service organization Housing Works called this one the first march to include an openly gay group in Haiti.
The nation of 9 million remains the most affected by HIV in the Caribbean, itself the region with the highest infection rate outside Sub-Saharan Africa.
Haiti has long fought stigmatization and discrimination after its migrants were some of the first AIDS cases identified in the United States. Unfounded beliefs that Haitians caused the epidemic helped decimate the country's tourism industry.
The country has since been a success story, with its HIV infection rate falling from 5.9 percent in 1996 to 2.2 percent today due in part to programs like the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, which has given Haiti more than $320 million since 2004. The deaths of people with HIV also contributed to the decline.
But gay men remain at risk because they hide from social programs due to prejudice and harassment, despite making up one-tenth of reported HIV cases in the Caribbean, the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS reported.
In socially conservative Haiti, discrimination runs especially deep.
Debate over Prime Minister Michele Pierre-Louis' nomination earlier this year centered almost entirely on rumors that she was a lesbian, with lawmakers standing up one after another to denounce her as immoral. She was approved for the post only after agreeing to read a statement on Haitian radio that the rumors were defamatory and untrue.
On Sunday, opposition was muted to the small contingent wearing white T-shirts bearing the word "masisi" a Haitian Creole slur for gay men that the marchers celebrated and chanted as their own.

Load-Date: December 1, 2008


End of Document
Openly gay marchers debut at Haiti AIDS rally



Openly gay marchers debut at Haiti AIDS rally
Associated Press International
December 1, 2008 Monday 1:14 AM GMT


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWS
Length: 473 words
Byline: By JONATHAN M. KATZ, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: ST. MARC Haiti
Body


A dozen men in T-shirts declaring "I am gay" and "I am living with HIV/AIDS" marched with hundreds of other demonstrators through a Haitian city on Sunday in what organizers called the Caribbean nation's first openly gay march.
The march, held a day ahead of World AIDS Day in the western city of St. Marc, called for better prevention and treatment in a country long plagued by the virus.
Organizers said they hoped the march will break barriers to reach more HIV-positive people and gay men with programs that have helped decrease the country's infection rate by two-thirds in the last decade.
"They suffer double the stigma and double the discrimination," said Esther Boucicault Stanislas, a leading activist known as the first person in Haiti to publicly declare that she was HIV-positive after her husband died of AIDS in the early 1990s.
About 500 participants that included health ministry officials and workers with United Nations programs followed a speaker-truck through the dusty city, chanting and carrying banners en route to the mayor's office. No officials received them.
AIDS awareness marches have taken place before in Haiti, but Boucicault and organizers with New York-based AIDS service organization Housing Works called this one the first march to include an openly gay group in Haiti.
The nation of 9 million remains the most affected by HIV in the Caribbean, itself the region with the highest infection rate outside Sub-Saharan Africa.
Haiti has long fought stigmatization and discrimination after its migrants were some of the first AIDS cases identified in the United States. Unfounded beliefs that Haitians caused the epidemic helped decimate the country's tourism industry.
The country has since been a success story, with its HIV infection rate falling from 5.9 percent in 1996 to 2.2 percent today due in part to programs like the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, which has given Haiti more than $320 million since 2004. The deaths of people with HIV also contributed to the decline.
But gay men remain at risk because they hide from social programs due to prejudice and harassment, despite making up one-tenth of reported HIV cases in the Caribbean, the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS reported.
In socially conservative Haiti, discrimination runs especially deep.
Debate over Prime Minister Michele Pierre-Louis' nomination earlier this year centered almost entirely on rumors that she was a lesbian, with lawmakers standing up one after another to denounce her as immoral. She was approved for the post only after agreeing to read a statement on Haitian radio that the rumors were defamatory and untrue.
On Sunday, opposition was muted to the small contingent wearing white T-shirts bearing the word "masisi" a Haitian Creole slur for gay men that the marchers celebrated and chanted as their own.

Load-Date: December 1, 2008


End of Document
Bush Names Gay To Head AIDS Office



Bush Names Gay To Head AIDS Office
Associated Press Online
April 9, 2001; Monday


Copyright 2001 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Washington - general news
Length: 416 words
Byline: SONYA ROSS 
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


President Bush has chosen an openly gay Wisconsin man to direct his administration's policies on AIDS, the White House announced Monday.
Bush selected Scott Evertz to head the new Office of National AIDS Policy, said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer. Evertz, leader of the Log Cabin Republicans in Wisconsin, is the first openly gay person nominated to an executive branch office by a Republican president.
''The president picks the best people for their jobs, regardless of what their backgrounds may or may not be, and that is why he has chosen Scott,'' Fleischer said. ''The president respects him. He will be welcome at this White House.''
Evertz is a political ally of Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson, former governor of Wisconsin.
The Human Rights Campaign, the country's largest gay political group, praised Evertz' appointment even while it criticized as inadequate the $1.8 billion allotment for AIDS programs in Bush's fiscal 2002 budget proposal.
''We applaud President Bush for this appointment,'' said Winnie Stachelberg, the group's political director. She also noted that Thompson had expressed a desire to be ''personally and directly involved'' in AIDS prevention efforts.
''This appointment is further evidence of his commitment,'' Stachelberg said. ''With Evertz in place, we can now look ahead and focus on the myriad difficult issues that confront us.''
Bush has faced criticism about his commitment to fighting AIDS, most recently when word surfaced that he would not seek increases for certain programs that address the disease. The White House sought to blunt those criticisms Monday by announcing that Thompson and Secretary of State Colin Powell will head a task force, created by President Clinton, that focuses on fighting AIDS in other countries.
Bush has raised the AIDS scourge in Africa during his meetings with foreign leaders, Fleischer said, as well as with members of Congress. ''It's on the president's mind, and it's something that he wants to combat,'' Fleischer said.
The White House said its new AIDS office will operate through a key domestic policy team and two Cabinet agencies. Evertz will be a member of the White House Domestic Policy Council, and his office will include one staff member from the State Department and another from the Department of Health and Human Services.
__
On the Net:
Office of National AIDS Policy: http://www.whitehouse.gov/onap/ 
Human Rights Campaign: http://www.hrc.org/ 
Log Cabin Republicans: http://www.lcr.org/ 

Load-Date: April 9, 2001


End of Document
Panel pick: AIDS is "gay plague'



Panel pick: AIDS is "gay plague'
St. Petersburg Times (Florida)
January 23, 2003 Thursday 0 South Pinellas Edition


Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company
Section: NATIONAL; Pg. 5A; DIGEST
Length: 586 words
Series: IN BRIEF
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


The Bush administration has chosen Jerry Thacker, a Pennsylvania marketing consultant who has characterized AIDS as the "gay plague," to serve on the Presidential Advisory Commission on HIV and AIDS.
Next week, Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson is scheduled to swear in several new commission members, including Thacker, a former Bob Jones University employee who says he contracted the AIDS virus after his wife was infected through a blood transfusion.
In his speeches and writings on his Web site and elsewhere, Thacker has described homosexuality as a "deathstyle" rather than a lifestyle and asserted that "Christ can rescue the homosexual." After word of his selection spread through the gay community in recent days, some of the material disappeared from the Web site. Earlier versions of the material located by the Washington Post that referred to the "gay plague," for instance, had been changed as of Wednesday to "plague."
Compiled from Times WiresTreasury nominee says he
 
will get rid of stocks
Treasury secretary nominee John Snow said he will divest himself of stock holdings in 61 companies if confirmed by the Senate, as he released his financial disclosure form Wednesday.
A day after revelations that Snow once faced a drunken driving charge and was involved in a child support dispute with his ex-wife, the White House said President Bush is standing by his nomination. Presidential press secretary Ari Fleischer said the incidents would have no bearing on Snow's ability to serve as the administration's top economic spokesman.
Snow's supporters in the Senate predicted he would still have no trouble winning confirmation. But several Democrats said they want to learn more about the incidents during Snow's confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee, scheduled for Tuesday.
 
Senate upholds new rules
 
on air pollution
The Senate thwarted efforts Wednesday to block Bush administration pollution rules and to double aid for drought-stricken farmers as Republicans batted down Democratic amendments to a sweeping $390-billion spending bill for this year.
By 50-46, senators killed an effort by Sen. John Edwards, D-N.C., to delay Environmental Protection Agency regulations that will let factories, refineries and processing plants modernize without upgrading their air pollution systems. Both of Florida's senators voted to delay the regulations.
 
High court hears case
 
on price of medicine
The Supreme Court should give states leeway to help needy people afford prescription medicine, backers of Maine's novel price control program argued Wednesday.
The high court is reviewing whether Maine went too far with a law intended to make prescription medicine cheaper for those who most need the help, and states nationwide are watching closely.
Drugmakers say Maine is illegally strong-arming them into cutting prices. If drug companies are forced to lower prices in one part of the country, the rest of the nation would get stuck with the bill, the industry argues.
 
Also . . .
JUDICIAL NOMINATION: Responding quickly to the White House's request for more conservative judges, the GOP-led Senate Judiciary Committee scheduled a vote Friday to endorse the nomination of Washington lawyer Miguel Estrada to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Democrats are unlikely to allow the quick vote.
 
CONFIRMED: The Senate unanimously confirmed Tom Ridge as the nation's first secretary of homeland security Wednesday. The department will officially come into existence Friday.

Graphic

 
PHOTO, Associated Press; Tom Ridge

Load-Date: January 23, 2003


End of Document
AIDS Action Committee's MALE Center Salutes Creators and Honors First National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day



AIDS Action Committee's MALE Center Salutes Creators and Honors First National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day
U.S. Newswire
September 26, 2008 Friday 5:16 PM EST


Copyright 2008 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights Reserved


Section: STATE EDITORS
Length: 864 words
Body


BOSTON, Sept. 26 /U.S. Newswire/ -- AIDS Action Committee of Massachusetts, Inc. (AAC) and its MALE Center in Boston's South End salute the National Association of People with AIDS (NAPWA) and AIDS Action Council in Washington, DC and other organizational sponsors for launching the first National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day on Sat., Sep. 27, 2008. The National Gay Men's HIV/AIDS Awareness Day recognizes the overwhelming impact of AIDS and HIV infection on gay men and men who have sex with men (MSM) and highlights the need for urgent attention to the lives of gay men and MSM affected by the HIV/AIDS epidemic. The awareness day also gives an opportunity for all Americans to join the Call for Action for a National AIDS Strategy that would include a targeted response to HIV/AIDS among gay men and MSM.
"Our mission at The MALE Center is focused on serving this very community that is highlighted by this historic national day," said Michael Shankle, MPH, Director, The MALE Center, a program of AIDS Action Committee. "While we honor all of the Awareness Days throughout the year, it is particularly outstanding that one designated for gay and other men who have sex with men is now part of the national calendar." 
The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's revised estimate of new infections shows the continuing, severe burden of HIV on gay men and MSM across the nation. Gay men comprised 53% of estimated new HIV infections in 2006. From 2000, MSM is the only group showing an increase in estimated new infections. Among gay men and MSM, young black and Hispanic men and white men in their 30s and 40s are significantly impacted by new HIV infections. Beyond the numbers are the lives of gay men who remain vulnerable to HIV/AIDS. That reality belies the complacency that has set in for far too long about HIV among gay men.
"We are grateful to NAPWA and the organizational sponsors and join them to urge the public, media and our government officials to use this awareness day to reinvigorate focus on HIV/AIDS and gay men," said Shankle. "We will continue vigorously to do our part to increase access to voluntary HIV counseling and testing, HIV prevention, and care and treatment for gay men and MSM, and we support the national AIDS strategy to end the epidemic among gay men and among all people living in the U.S." For more information: www.NationalAIDSstrategy.org or            www.aac.org.
[Editor's note: Following is a list of activities at the MALE Center, including tonight's Bridging the Gap and Art Show opening.]
Tonight, Sep. 26, and Coming Soon at the MALE Center
Bridging The Gap - tonight! Friday September 26, 7:00PM-10:00PM
The MALE Center monthly social is back from our summer vacation. Enjoy a relaxed conversation-friendly environment with appetizers and beverages provided by The MALE Center.
The MALE Center is proud to host the opening of "Tidal Pool Painting"; the artwork of David Buxton. David uses acrylic and fabric on canvas to create a sculptural surface that is abstracted to invoke the feeling of looking at a tidal pool. His work is truly a must see!
Know your HIV status; get tested for free at The MALE Center. Rapid testing involves a small finger stick and results are ready in about 10 minutes. There are many options for times to either schedule an appointment or to drop in for a test. The MALE Center offers evening rapid HIV testing appointments weekly on Thursdays until 9PM. This is the only rapid HIV testing location in Boston to offer late-night hours. The MALE Center also offers a monthly Saturday rapid HIV testing clinic from 11AM 5PM, making it the only location in Boston to offer Saturday rapid HIV testing. The next Saturday testing date is October 18. Appointments are strongly encouraged, and walk-ins will be accommodated. To learn more about HIV Rapid Testing at The MALE Center, to talk to a prevention specialist, or to make an appointment to get tested, call 617.450.1987
Town Hall HIV Prevention Strategy Meeting #3 Tuesday, October 21, 6:30PM-8:00PM
New infection rates are rapidly on the rise and we need a community-constructed strategy to get back in the game. Let's continue the conversation and work to develop a strategy to end this epidemic. All are welcome -- we WANT to talk to you and the community-at-large to figure out what we can do next. Although it's not required, please let us know if you are planning to attend by using the contact information below.
The MALE Center welcomes gay, bisexual, queer and questioning men, regardless of HIV status. We also welcome allies of the community who are interested in working with a diverse group of sexual minority men in an affirming way. The MALE Center is located at 571 Columbus Avenue adjacent to the intersection of Massachusetts Avenue. Email us at: malecenter@aac.org or call 617-450-1987. The MALE Center offers a variety of programs and services including FREE confidential HIV testing every weekday, including Thursday evenings until 9:00PM. There is Saturday free testing once each month. October 18th is the next Saturday test day.
Contact: Diego Sanchez, dsanchez@aac.org
617.450.1524, 617.835.1455
SOURCE AIDS Action Committee

Contact: Diego Sanchez of AIDS Action Committee, +1-617-450-1524, +1-617-835-1455, dsanchez@aac.org

Load-Date: September 27, 2008


End of Document
Africa Taking the Aids Battle to 'Closet Gays'



Africa; Taking the Aids Battle to 'Closet Gays'
Africa News
July 27, 2009 Monday


Copyright 2009 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 443 words
Byline: The East African
Body


Fearing the stigma and discrimination that their lifestyle attracts, most gay people in Africa hide behind a facade of normality -- even getting married and having children, in effect living double lives.
This duplicity is having a devastating impact on transmission of HIV/Aids, according to a study published in the Lancet.
Because of isolation and fear of harassment and discrimination, the study says, gay people are not able to access tailormade safe-sex messages, prophylactics like condoms and treatment when necessary.
The result is that in some countries in Africa, HIV rates among gay men are 10 times higher than in the general population.
Tragically, many of the men are married or also engage in heterosexual relations, the study adds, thus acting as drivers of the Aids pandemic in the rest of the population.
The study was conducted by researchers from the Oxford University, the Population Council of Ghana and the Kenya Medical Research Institute (Kemri).
It reviewed data from 19 previous studies on the prevalence of HIV among gay people, and compared this to national prevalence rates.
The survey notes that HIV/Aids among gay men in sub-Saharan African is "driven by cultural, religious and political unwillingness to accept [gay men] as equal members of society."
Across the continent, except in South Africa, homosexual sex is outlawed, including in four countries where it is a capital offence, meaning that gay people cannot openly meet to discuss safe sex.
In most African traditions, it is taboo to talk about homosexual sex, and governments do not routinely allocate money to HIV programmes targeted at gay people.
Prejudices among even health workers, who like the rest of society usually have little regard or time for gay people, have enabled misconceptions to thrive.
As a result of this gap in information and support services, the Lancet study says, many gay men do not have a realistic perception of the dangers of unprotected sex, and wrongly think heterosexual contact is more dangerous.
"(There is) profound stigma and social hostility at every level of society concerning either same-sex behaviours among men, or homosexuality", lead researcher Adrian Smith told the BBC last week. "This has the consequence that this group becomes extremely hard to reach."
Gay male sex, which normally involves anal penetration, is regarded as more dangerous in terms of contracting HIV/Aids than heterosexual sex, mainly due to the fact that the rectal lining is poorly lubricated.
A big number of gay males also engage in transactional sex, have multiple partners and are involved in intravenous drug use, thus raising their risk of contracting HIV.

Load-Date: July 29, 2009


End of Document
AIDS Educators Reach Out to Gay Arabs



AIDS Educators Reach Out to Gay Arabs
Associated Press Online
March 16, 2004 Tuesday


Copyright 2004 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS
Length: 480 words
Dateline: FERNDALE, Mich.
Body


They may have arranged the Arabian Nights party, complete with loud Arabic dance music and flickering lights, but Chris Ayoub and David Ponsart came to the Ferndale bar mainly to spread a message of safe-sex.
The audience to which the two health educators spoke about HIV and AIDS prevention was one of the Detroit area's most secretive - gay Arab-Americans. It is also a group state health officials fear may be one of Michigan's most at-risk gay communities.
"I tell them, 'Listen, I'm gay. I'm in a gay bar with you. I'm not going to tell anyone I found you here,"' Ayoub, 31, of Hazel Park, told the Detroit Free Press for a Tuesday story.
The assurances are necessary given the stigma about homosexuality in the Arab world.
Ayoub and Ponsart's efforts at the Q bar are funded by state public health dollars and foundation grants. To ensure they had a solid turnout they distributed over 1,000 invitations at other bars. At the party, they distributed Arabic-language AIDS pamphlets and offered HIV tests.
"We have to reach the population at risk," even if that means sending educators "to nightclubs dressing in tank tops," said Eve Mokotoff, HIV/AIDS epidemiology manager for the Michigan Department of Community Health.
"They are tapping into a community that has been invisible," said Craig Covey, chief executive officer of the nonprofit Midwest AIDS Prevention Project. MAPP helped Ayoub start the outreach program.
With roughly 300,000 immigrants from the Middle East in southeast Michigan, state health officials realized that this was one group that had been overlooked, largely because it was among the most reclusive.
"Arab-Americans were the last group of gay men anyone tried to reach," Covey said, adding that gays could face persecution and criminal charges in their home countries if authorities discover their secret.
Ayoub knows well the hazards of being a gay Arab. Shortly after he arrived from Lebanon to join his family in Dearborn in 1996, Ayoub told them he was gay.
"My brother chased me two blocks with a knife," he said. It was only after six years of being shunned that his family finally began to accept him.
Ayoub says many gay Arab-Americans are also ignorant of the risks, believing that if they sleep only with Arab men then they will not be exposed to the virus.
Ayoub and Ponsart's work has earned the support of some who provide aid to the community.
They are "making breakthroughs" in a community saddled with "legacies that we bring from the home country," said Dr. Adnan Hammad, head of the nonprofit Arab Community Center for Economic and Social Services in Dearborn. Among its varied social programs, ACCESS administers the $55,000 annual state grant supporting the outreach program.
"Do not think they will come to the heart of the community to be served," said Hammad. "We have to go to them."
Information from: Detroit Free Press, http://www.freep.com 

Load-Date: March 17, 2004


End of Document
Shock at gay AIDS rape mob



Shock at gay AIDS rape mob
Hobart Mercury (Australia)
June 2, 2007 Saturday


Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited All Rights Reserved
Section: WORLD; Pg. 20
Length: 235 words
Body


AFP
A GAY gang that allegedly raped victims lured on the internet, drugged them and infected them with the AIDS virus has shocked the Netherlands and raised questions about its liberal sex culture.
A date-rape drug known as ''Easy Lay'' and ecstasy were allegedly involved.
Health Minister Ab Klink called the case ''horrible'', as newspapers splashed the story across front pages yesterday.
The case came to light when police said they had arrested three seropositive homosexual men two weeks ago after four victims, men aged 25 to 50, accused them of rape and premeditated bodily harm.
Ronald Zwarter, the police chief in the northern town of Groningen, where the alleged crimes took place, said two of the men arrested, a couple aged 48 and 33, had confessed.
''Their stated motive was that it excited them -- and also that, the more HIV-infected people there were, the better their chances of unprotected sex,'' he said.
''They considered unprotected relations to be 'pure'.''
A fourth man who allegedly supplied the three suspects with several litres of the date-rape drug GHB and ecstasy tablets was also arrested.
The gang members face up to 16 years in prison.
Police said eight more victims had since come forward.
The case has deeply unsettled the Netherlands, and caused it to cast a hard look at its easygoing views on sex, with some figures suggesting that frequent homosexual orgies posed a public health risk.

Load-Date: June 2, 2007


End of Document
Uganda Include Gays in Aids Fight, Reports Say



Uganda; Include Gays in Aids Fight, Reports Say
Africa News
May 24, 2008 Saturday


Copyright 2008 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 558 words
Byline: The Monitor
Body


A study conducted recently in Kampala and whose findings were published this month in the journal Aids Behaviour says recognition of gay and bisexual men in local HIV prevention programmes and education messages is urgently needed.
The study that was based on 224 gay and bisexual men's views found that "37 percent had unprotected receptive anal sex in the last six months, 27 percent were paid for sex, 18 percent paid for sex, 11 percent had history of urethral discharge".
Yet perception that gay and bisexual men are at risk for HIV infection was low, according to the authors.
"Our study demonstrates that gay and bisexual men in Uganda are willing to identify themselves and participate in research and prevention campaigns," write the authors, further showing that 61 percent and 39 percent reported themselves as gay and bisexuals respectively.
Similarly, the newly released Sexual Minorities Uganda (SMUG), MSM -LGBTI HIV/AIDS Report 2008 calls for the inclusion of gay people in the fight against HIV and Aids.
"Having a programme for HIV prevention is a national priority in Uganda which is held back because most people 'hate' homosexuals," reads the report. "This is [a] real problem where all Ugandans can do something. Isolated interventions by the minority homosexuals are very limited in their impact.
They need the acknowledgement and support of the majority heterosexual Ugandan population and together HIV can be curbed."
The report is punctuated by testimonies from gay people who have reportedly been mistreated each time they seek sexual health related services.
Uganda has a generalized HIV epidemic, meaning it affects all sections of the community, but most of the prevention, treatment and care programmes for the sick mainly target heterosexuals.
The current national HIV/Aids strategic plan shows no programmes that specifically target men who have sex with fellow men (MSM). Efforts to get a comment from the Uganda Aids Commission, which co-ordinates the HIV/Aids response in the country, were futile.
However, Dr Elioda Tumwesigye, the chairman of Parliament's HIV/Aids committee, said although involving MSM in the fight against HIV is essential, it is not something that can be done easily. "Given that anal sex that those people perform is one of the most effective ways of transmitting HIV, there should be cause for concern," he said.
"Unfortunately, under the current legal framework they can't be helped as a group. However, they can make use of the available programmes as individuals."
According to Dr Tumwesigye, until gay activities are decriminalised, it may not be easy even for organisations that are willing to help to involve this minority community in the fight against HIV. 
Anti-gay activist Martin Ssempa said Uganda needs to send a clear message to homosexuals that they are engaging in a suicidal and un-natural risk that fuels HIV and other infections such as hepatitis.
"These people are just looking at ways of legitimising their practice, which is illegal and deviant in our society," said Pastor Ssempa. "Our previous experience showed us that bringing homosexuals into campaigns against HIV only gives them a chance to propagate their illegal and unnatural acts."
Makerere University School of Public Health Dean David Serwadda said the fight against HIV requires the participation of all in the community.

Load-Date: May 26, 2008


End of Document
HIV, AIDS on rise among HK gays



HIV, AIDS on rise among HK gays
Agence France Presse -- English -- English
May 25, 2004 Tuesday


Copyright 2004 Agence France Presse
Section: International News
Length: 317 words
Dateline: HONG KONG, May 25
Body


HIV and AIDS are on the rise among Hong Kong's gay community with fears that increasing numbers of visitors from China are spreading the virus, health officials said Tuesday.
There were 67 new HIV infections in the territory for the first quarter, said Michael Chan, senior medical officer for preventative medicine at the Department of Health. The figure was up 15 on the same quarter last year, but down from the 72 registered at the end of last year.
However Chan said the rise was greatest among gay men, who made up 20 of the 67 HIV infections, up from 11 the previous year. Infections among heterosexuals have declined from 30 to 25.
"There is an increase of HIV-infected cases as a result of men having sex with men," said Chan. "These people do not practice safe sex or have more than one partner so that increases the possibility of contracting the disease."
Since 1984, when the first cases of the virus were detected in Hong Kong, 2,311 people have been registered as HIV-positive.
The number of AIDS cases stood at seven for the first quarter, compared to 14 for the period last year. The total number of AIDS cases reported since 1984 now stands at 676.
As the figures are cumulative, any falls in the number of infections indicate patients have either died or moved away.
Chan attributed the increase in infections partly to the rising number of visitors from mainland China, where the AIDS epidemic was routinely ignored for many years.
Chinese tourists, once bound by strict travel rules, have been flooding into the city since regulations were relaxed last year.
Chan said easier access for mainlanders was also bringing in more needle-using drug addicts, another high-risk HIV group.
"These drug users come to Hong Kong and share the same needles with people in Hong Kong, which helps spread the disease," Chan warned.
shw/mmc/dk
Health-AIDS-HongKong

Load-Date: May 26, 2004


End of Document
Africa Taking the Aids Battle to 'Closet Gays'



Africa; Taking the Aids Battle to 'Closet Gays'
Africa News
July 27, 2009 Monday


Copyright 2009 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 443 words
Byline: The East African
Body


Fearing the stigma and discrimination that their lifestyle attracts, most gay people in Africa hide behind a facade of normality -- even getting married and having children, in effect living double lives.
This duplicity is having a devastating impact on transmission of HIV/Aids, according to a study published in the Lancet.
Because of isolation and fear of harassment and discrimination, the study says, gay people are not able to access tailormade safe-sex messages, prophylactics like condoms and treatment when necessary.
The result is that in some countries in Africa, HIV rates among gay men are 10 times higher than in the general population.
Tragically, many of the men are married or also engage in heterosexual relations, the study adds, thus acting as drivers of the Aids pandemic in the rest of the population.
The study was conducted by researchers from the Oxford University, the Population Council of Ghana and the Kenya Medical Research Institute (Kemri).
It reviewed data from 19 previous studies on the prevalence of HIV among gay people, and compared this to national prevalence rates.
The survey notes that HIV/Aids among gay men in sub-Saharan African is "driven by cultural, religious and political unwillingness to accept [gay men] as equal members of society."
Across the continent, except in South Africa, homosexual sex is outlawed, including in four countries where it is a capital offence, meaning that gay people cannot openly meet to discuss safe sex.
In most African traditions, it is taboo to talk about homosexual sex, and governments do not routinely allocate money to HIV programmes targeted at gay people.
Prejudices among even health workers, who like the rest of society usually have little regard or time for gay people, have enabled misconceptions to thrive.
As a result of this gap in information and support services, the Lancet study says, many gay men do not have a realistic perception of the dangers of unprotected sex, and wrongly think heterosexual contact is more dangerous.
"(There is) profound stigma and social hostility at every level of society concerning either same-sex behaviours among men, or homosexuality", lead researcher Adrian Smith told the BBC last week. "This has the consequence that this group becomes extremely hard to reach."
Gay male sex, which normally involves anal penetration, is regarded as more dangerous in terms of contracting HIV/Aids than heterosexual sex, mainly due to the fact that the rectal lining is poorly lubricated.
A big number of gay males also engage in transactional sex, have multiple partners and are involved in intravenous drug use, thus raising their risk of contracting HIV.

Load-Date: July 27, 2009


End of Document
GAYS IN DEHRADUN VULNERABLE TO AIDS



GAYS IN DEHRADUN VULNERABLE TO AIDS
The Pioneer (India)
January 6, 2008 Sunday 5:51 PM  EST


Copyright 2008 CMYK Printech Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Length: 360 words
Byline: Report from The Pioneer brought to you by HT Syndication.
Dateline: Dehradun 
Body


Dehradun, Jan. 06 -- In a survey conducted in the State capital 70 men who were in gay relationships were found to be suffering from various sexually transmitted diseases besides being in the high-risk group likely to be infected by HIV-AIDS.
The Himalyan Institute For Environment, Ecology and Development (Hifeed) found this startling fact during a survey conducted in April, 2007. The institute is working towards creating awareness exclusively among homosexuals, bisexuals and heterosexuals.
The Target Intervention (TI) project, which was launched in April2007, has so far identified 70 homosexual males, who were suffering from a number of sexual transmitted diseases.
In order to create awareness about HIV/AIDS the NGO has printed pamphlets and brochures containing information about chances of contracting the virus and its dangers. The pamphlet has drawings in order to make it easier for even illiterate potential victims to understand the implications.
Talking to The Pioneer, Kamal Bahuguna, Executive Director of Hifeed, said that creating awareness among homosexuals was part of a three-tier target intervention project started by them. The other two included intravenous drug users (IDU) and sexual workers.
"During the survey, which was conducted in various parts of the city by volunteers, we found that 70 homosexual males were suffering from STD. Though most of them were initially reluctant to openly admit their relationship they later started talking about their sexual relations," he added.
The men identified were from prime locations in the city including Clement Town, Rajpur Road, Mansi Deer Park, Gandhi Park, Subash Nagar and Parade Ground, to name a few.
"During the survey it was found that nearly 30 per cent of the men involved in such sexual relationships were married. The involvement of an individual in bisexual relations also increases the chances of contracting the virus manifold," said Bahuguna.
"However, the majority of the gays were between 18-30 years. During the counselling sessions nearly 15 of them have pulled out of same sex relationships, "he added.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Pioneer.
-562202
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

Load-Date: May 4, 2008


End of Document
Global AIDS prevention gives short shrift to gays



Global AIDS prevention gives short shrift to gays
Associated Press Online
August 9, 2008 Saturday 9:09 PM GMT


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWS
Length: 1172 words
Byline: By JULIE WATSON, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: MEXICO CITY 
Body


Jorge Saavedra's moment of truth came in the middle of an impassioned speech to 5,000 people about the paltry amount of money being spent to stop the spread of AIDS among gay men.
The Mexican federal official paused, then said publicly for the first time that he was gay.
As he held up a photo of himself with his partner, the crowd applauded wildly. Afterward, men from Africa and India congratulated him with tears in their eyes.
"They told me that I was a hero, and that they wished they could do the same in their countries," said Saavedra, who is infected with HIV and also heads the AIDS prevention program in a country where many gay men live in denial.
Saavedra's coming out on Tuesday at the International AIDS Conference sent a powerful message to the world: Homophobia must be stamped out if AIDS is to be controlled.
Fewer people are dying from AIDS, but new HIV infections among gay and bisexual men in many countries are rising at alarming rates.
Yet less than 1 percent of the $669 million reported in global prevention spending targets men who have sex with men, according to UNAIDS figures from 2006, the latest available data.
UNAIDS says these men receive the lowest coverage of HIV prevention services of any at-risk population. And experts say discrimination has driven gay and bisexual men in developing nations underground turning them into one of the epidemic's hardest groups to reach. From Mexico to India, a surprising number of men who have sex with men insist they are not gay, and in many countries, governments still refuse to admit homosexuality exists.
"It's very difficult to provide services to men who have sex with men in countries that don't acknowledge they exist or criminalize them if they do exist," said Craig McClure, executive director of International AIDS Society, which organized the conference.
In 86 nations, homosexual sex is considered a crime, and in seven countries it is punishable by death, according to the Foundation for AIDS Research, known as Amfar.
During the conference's inauguration, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon urged nations "to follow Mexico's bold example and pass laws against homophobia."
In 2003, Mexico banned discrimination based on sexual orientation, and it has opened what it calls homophobic-free health clinics. The government has a national campaign that includes radio spots with mothers accepting their gay sons. Saavedra's program has earmarked 10 percent of its $12 million budget toward prevention among gay and bisexual men.
Worldwide, few developing nations check the rates of HIV infection among men who have sex with men, but researchers who have surveyed some of these countries say they are finding the rates are nearly twice that of the general adult population.
"This fight needs to be driven by epidemiologists" who urge making this high-risk group a priority, not only for the human rights argument, but for the public health argument, said Chris Beyrer, director of the Center for Public Health and Human Rights at Johns Hopkins University. "It's a virus so you need to put the money where the virus is."
Gay and bisexual men are 19 times more likely to become infected with HIV than the general adult population, according to Amfar, which collected data on these men in 128 countries. In Mexico, this group is 109 times more likely to acquire HIV. To date, 57 percent of the HIV diagnoses in Mexico are from unprotected sex between men.
Thailand is seeing "an emerging epidemic of really unbelievable proportions" among its gay and bisexual men after being held up as an example for its success with a massive condom campaign that curbed HIV's spread among sex workers, drug users and migrants, said Kevin Frost, Amfar's chief executive officer.
Prevalence of HIV among gay and bisexual Thai men was more than 15 percent this year compared to 1.4 percent for the general adult population, according to Amfar. Frost said the country's prevention programs ignored one of its most vulnerable groups.
"These men believed they were not at risk because they were not having sex with sex workers or women, which is what the campaign focused on," Frost said. "That scenario is being played out across the developing world."
Complicating matters is that in countries from Latin America to Southeast Asia, many men who have sex with men, insist they are not gay. More than 30 percent of Latin American men who reported having sex with men said they also had unprotected sex with women, according to UNAIDS. Many are married.
"Everybody knows somebody like that," Saavedra, 48, said. "Instead of saying they are gay, it's easier for them to justify their behavior. They say they were drunk and they were really sexually excited and willing to have sex with whomever."
Some have beaten up transvestites after having sex with them because they are ashamed of themselves, experts say.
Even governments deny these men exist. Last year, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said at Columbia University in New York, "In Iran we don't have homosexuals like in your country."
In Malawi, that country's first organization working on behalf of gay men was created in 2006 with the backing of World Bank officials and other international agencies.
Called the Centre for the Development of People, the group surveyed 100 gay men about discrimination to prove to the government that such men existed in Malawi. Homosexual sex is punishable up to 14 years in prison in the African country.
The organization also found through testing 200 gay men that about 21 percent carried HIV compared with 12 percent for the general adult population.
"This means that we are not moving ahead with the fight against AIDS," said Gift Trapence, the organization's director who has received e-mails threatening hanging.
AIDS activists say they avoid using words like "homosexual" or "gay" and instead use the label "men who have sex with men," or MSM, so their work is not impeded by the stigma.
Ashok Row Kavi said he has learned the importance of carefully choosing his words in India, where he started one of the country's first organizations to work with gay and bisexual men.
The Humsafar Trust found nearly 14 percent of the gay and bisexual men it surveyed in 1999 were infected with HIV. Kavi said when he told India's AIDS officials they "totally panicked because until now they believed these men did not exist."
But last year they added a definition of men who have sex with men to their health planning program to start prevention campaigns. The definition includes married men.
Kavi has been training health workers how to ask men if they have had gay sex and not scare them away.
"I tell them to say things like, 'There are many cultures where men are very close to men. Are you one of these men?'" he said. "These questions have to be sensitive," especially in India, where sodomy is illegal.
"That's why the word homosexual is not used," he said. "If anyone asks a man that, he will slap you."
UNAIDS: http://www.unaids.org/en
(This version CORRECTS spelling of Ahmadinejad's last name).)

Load-Date: August 10, 2008


End of Document
Global AIDS prevention gives short shrift to gays



Global AIDS prevention gives short shrift to gays
Associated Press International
August 9, 2008 Saturday 8:59 PM GMT


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWS
Length: 1160 words
Byline: By JULIE WATSON, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: MEXICO CITY 
Body


Jorge Saavedra's moment of truth came in the middle of an impassioned speech to 5,000 people about the paltry amount of money being spent to stop the spread of AIDS among gay men.
The Mexican federal official paused, then said publicly for the first time that he was gay.
As he held up a photo of himself with his partner, the crowd applauded wildly. Afterward, men from Africa and India congratulated him with tears in their eyes.
"They told me that I was a hero, and that they wished they could do the same in their countries," said Saavedra, who is infected with HIV and also heads the AIDS prevention program in a country where many gay men live in denial.
Saavedra's coming out on Tuesday at the International AIDS Conference sent a powerful message to the world: Homophobia must be stamped out if AIDS is to be controlled.
Fewer people are dying from AIDS, but new HIV infections among gay and bisexual men in many countries are rising at alarming rates.
Yet less than 1 percent of the $669 million reported in global prevention spending targets men who have sex with men, according to UNAIDS figures from 2006, the latest available data.
UNAIDS says these men receive the lowest coverage of HIV prevention services of any at-risk population. And experts say discrimination has driven gay and bisexual men in developing nations underground turning them into one of the epidemic's hardest groups to reach. From Mexico to India, a surprising number of men who have sex with men insist they are not gay, and in many countries, governments still refuse to admit homosexuality exists.
"It's very difficult to provide services to men who have sex with men in countries that don't acknowledge they exist or criminalize them if they do exist," said Craig McClure, executive director of International AIDS Society, which organized the conference.
In 86 nations, homosexual sex is considered a crime, and in seven countries it is punishable by death, according to the Foundation for AIDS Research, known as Amfar.
During the conference's inauguration, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon urged nations "to follow Mexico's bold example and pass laws against homophobia."
In 2003, Mexico banned discrimination based on sexual orientation, and it has opened what it calls homophobic-free health clinics. The government has a national campaign that includes radio spots with mothers accepting their gay sons. Saavedra's program has earmarked 10 percent of its $12 million budget toward prevention among gay and bisexual men.
Worldwide, few developing nations check the rates of HIV infection among men who have sex with men, but researchers who have surveyed some of these countries say they are finding the rates are nearly twice that of the general adult population.
"This fight needs to be driven by epidemiologists" who urge making this high-risk group a priority, not only for the human rights argument, but for the public health argument, said Chris Beyrer, director of the Center for Public Health and Human Rights at Johns Hopkins University. "It's a virus so you need to put the money where the virus is."
Gay and bisexual men are 19 times more likely to become infected with HIV than the general adult population, according to Amfar, which collected data on these men in 128 countries. In Mexico, this group is 109 times more likely to acquire HIV. To date, 57 percent of the HIV diagnoses in Mexico are from unprotected sex between men.
Thailand is seeing "an emerging epidemic of really unbelievable proportions" among its gay and bisexual men after being held up as an example for its success with a massive condom campaign that curbed HIV's spread among sex workers, drug users and migrants, said Kevin Frost, Amfar's chief executive officer.
Prevalence of HIV among gay and bisexual Thai men was more than 15 percent this year compared to 1.4 percent for the general adult population, according to Amfar. Frost said the country's prevention programs ignored one of its most vulnerable groups.
"These men believed they were not at risk because they were not having sex with sex workers or women, which is what the campaign focused on," Frost said. "That scenario is being played out across the developing world."
Complicating matters is that in countries from Latin America to Southeast Asia, many men who have sex with men, insist they are not gay. More than 30 percent of Latin American men who reported having sex with men said they also had unprotected sex with women, according to UNAIDS. Many are married.
"Everybody knows somebody like that," Saavedra, 48, said. "Instead of saying they are gay, it's easier for them to justify their behavior. They say they were drunk and they were really sexually excited and willing to have sex with whomever."
Some have beaten up transvestites after having sex with them because they are ashamed of themselves, experts say.
Even governments deny these men exist. Last year, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said at Columbia University in New York, "In Iran we don't have homosexuals like in your country."
In Malawi, that country's first organization working on behalf of gay men was created in 2006 with the backing of World Bank officials and other international agencies.
Called the Centre for the Development of People, the group surveyed 100 gay men about discrimination to prove to the government that such men existed in Malawi. Homosexual sex is punishable up to 14 years in prison in the African country.
The organization also found through testing 200 gay men that about 21 percent carried HIV compared with 12 percent for the general adult population.
"This means that we are not moving ahead with the fight against AIDS," said Gift Trapence, the organization's director who has received e-mails threatening hanging.
AIDS activists say they avoid using words like "homosexual" or "gay" and instead use the label "men who have sex with men," or MSM, so their work is not impeded by the stigma.
Ashok Row Kavi said he has learned the importance of carefully choosing his words in India, where he started one of the country's first organizations to work with gay and bisexual men.
The Humsafar Trust found nearly 14 percent of the gay and bisexual men it surveyed in 1999 were infected with HIV. Kavi said when he told India's AIDS officials they "totally panicked because until now they believed these men did not exist."
But last year they added a definition of men who have sex with men to their health planning program to start prevention campaigns. The definition includes married men.
Kavi has been training health workers how to ask men if they have had gay sex and not scare them away.
"I tell them to say things like, 'There are many cultures where men are very close to men. Are you one of these men?'" he said. "These questions have to be sensitive," especially in India, where sodomy is illegal.
"That's why the word homosexual is not used," he said. "If anyone asks a man that, he will slap you."
UNAIDS: http://www.unaids.org/en

Load-Date: August 10, 2008


End of Document
Global AIDS prevention gives short shrift to gays



Global AIDS prevention gives short shrift to gays
The Associated Press
August 9, 2008 Saturday


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INTERNATIONAL NEWS
Length: 1161 words
Byline: By JULIE WATSON, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: MEXICO CITY 
Body


Jorge Saavedra's moment of truth came in the middle of an impassioned speech to 5,000 people about the paltry amount of money being spent to stop the spread of AIDS among gay men.
The Mexican federal official paused, then said publicly for the first time that he was gay.
As he held up a photo of himself with his partner, the crowd applauded wildly. Afterward, men from Africa and India congratulated him with tears in their eyes.
"They told me that I was a hero, and that they wished they could do the same in their countries," said Saavedra, who is infected with HIV and also heads the AIDS prevention program in a country where many gay men live in denial.
Saavedra's coming out on Tuesday at the International AIDS Conference sent a powerful message to the world: Homophobia must be stamped out if AIDS is to be controlled.
Fewer people are dying from AIDS, but new HIV infections among gay and bisexual men in many countries are rising at alarming rates.
Yet less than 1 percent of the $669 million reported in global prevention spending targets men who have sex with men, according to UNAIDS figures from 2006, the latest available data.
UNAIDS says these men receive the lowest coverage of HIV prevention services of any at-risk population. And experts say discrimination has driven gay and bisexual men in developing nations underground turning them into one of the epidemic's hardest groups to reach. From Mexico to India, a surprising number of men who have sex with men insist they are not gay, and in many countries, governments still refuse to admit homosexuality exists.
"It's very difficult to provide services to men who have sex with men in countries that don't acknowledge they exist or criminalize them if they do exist," said Craig McClure, executive director of International AIDS Society, which organized the conference.
In 86 nations, homosexual sex is considered a crime, and in seven countries it is punishable by death, according to the Foundation for AIDS Research, known as Amfar.
During the conference's inauguration, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon urged nations "to follow Mexico's bold example and pass laws against homophobia."
In 2003, Mexico banned discrimination based on sexual orientation, and it has opened what it calls homophobic-free health clinics. The government has a national campaign that includes radio spots with mothers accepting their gay sons. Saavedra's program has earmarked 10 percent of its $12 million budget toward prevention among gay and bisexual men.
Worldwide, few developing nations check the rates of HIV infection among men who have sex with men, but researchers who have surveyed some of these countries say they are finding the rates are nearly twice that of the general adult population.
"This fight needs to be driven by epidemiologists" who urge making this high-risk group a priority, not only for the human rights argument, but for the public health argument, said Chris Beyrer, director of the Center for Public Health and Human Rights at Johns Hopkins University. "It's a virus so you need to put the money where the virus is."
Gay and bisexual men are 19 times more likely to become infected with HIV than the general adult population, according to Amfar, which collected data on these men in 128 countries. In Mexico, this group is 109 times more likely to acquire HIV. To date, 57 percent of the HIV diagnoses in Mexico are from unprotected sex between men.
Thailand is seeing "an emerging epidemic of really unbelievable proportions" among its gay and bisexual men after being held up as an example for its success with a massive condom campaign that curbed HIV's spread among sex workers, drug users and migrants, said Kevin Frost, Amfar's chief executive officer.
Prevalence of HIV among gay and bisexual Thai men was more than 15 percent this year compared to 1.4 percent for the general adult population, according to Amfar. Frost said the country's prevention programs ignored one of its most vulnerable groups.
"These men believed they were not at risk because they were not having sex with sex workers or women, which is what the campaign focused on," Frost said. "That scenario is being played out across the developing world."
Complicating matters is that in countries from Latin America to Southeast Asia, many men who have sex with men, insist they are not gay. More than 30 percent of Latin American men who reported having sex with men said they also had unprotected sex with women, according to UNAIDS. Many are married.
"Everybody knows somebody like that," Saavedra, 48, said. "Instead of saying they are gay, it's easier for them to justify their behavior. They say they were drunk and they were really sexually excited and willing to have sex with whomever."
Some have beaten up transvestites after having sex with them because they are ashamed of themselves, experts say.
Even governments deny these men exist. Last year, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said at Columbia University in New York, "In Iran we don't have homosexuals like in your country."
In Malawi, that country's first organization working on behalf of gay men was created in 2006 with the backing of World Bank officials and other international agencies.
Called the Centre for the Development of People, the group surveyed 100 gay men about discrimination to prove to the government that such men existed in Malawi. Homosexual sex is punishable up to 14 years in prison in the African country.
The organization also found through testing 200 gay men that about 21 percent carried HIV compared with 12 percent for the general adult population.
"This means that we are not moving ahead with the fight against AIDS," said Gift Trapence, the organization's director who has received e-mails threatening hanging.
AIDS activists say they avoid using words like "homosexual" or "gay" and instead use the label "men who have sex with men," or MSM, so their work is not impeded by the stigma.
Ashok Row Kavi said he has learned the importance of carefully choosing his words in India, where he started one of the country's first organizations to work with gay and bisexual men.
The Humsafar Trust found nearly 14 percent of the gay and bisexual men it surveyed in 1999 were infected with HIV. Kavi said when he told India's AIDS officials they "totally panicked because until now they believed these men did not exist."
But last year they added a definition of men who have sex with men to their health planning program to start prevention campaigns. The definition includes married men.
Kavi has been training health workers how to ask men if they have had gay sex and not scare them away.
"I tell them to say things like, 'There are many cultures where men are very close to men. Are you one of these men?'" he said. "These questions have to be sensitive," especially in India, where sodomy is illegal.
"That's why the word homosexual is not used," he said. "If anyone asks a man that, he will slap you."
UNAIDS: http://www.unaids.org/en

Load-Date: August 10, 2008


End of Document
China warns gay transmission of AIDS gaining pace



China warns gay transmission of AIDS gaining pace
Agence France Presse -- English
December 1, 2009 Tuesday 4:35 AM GMT


Copyright 2009 Agence France Presse All Rights Reserved


Length: 377 words
Dateline: BEIJING, Dec 1 2009
Body


China warned in a notice for Tuesday's World AIDS Day that homosexual transmission of the disease was gaining pace and called for health authorities nationwide to step up prevention work.
The statement by the health ministry came a day after President Hu Jintao called on the nation's people not to discriminate against those with HIV in comments widely broadcast by the nation's government-controlled media.
"Sexual contact continues to be the main channel of transmission with the speed of homosexual transmission clearly increasing," the health ministry said.
"This is a new situation that we need to pay attention to."
China has not been hit as hard by HIV/AIDS as many other nations.
The disease first gained hold in China among illegal drug users, ethnic minorities, sex workers, and through unsanitary blood transfusions.
But in recent years, transmission avenues have expanded out from those traditionally high-risk groups, the ministry said.
"The AIDS epidemic has already spread from high-risk groups to ordinary people, dangerous elements of AIDS transmission are present everywhere," it said.
"AIDS is affecting more and more people and the transmission is becoming more diverse."
The ministry urged stepped-up education efforts on safe sex and condom use.
By the end of October 2009, China had 319,877 registered cases of HIV/AIDS, including 48,000 new cases this year, while nearly 50,000 people have died in China to AIDS, the ministry said.
The ministry has estimated that up to 740,000 people in China live with HIV, many of whom experience high levels of stigma and discrimination, a situation President Hu addressed at an AIDS awareness activity in Beijing Monday.
You "must care more and better for AIDS patients and people living with HIV, and in particular guide society into not discriminating against them," the president told AIDS prevention volunteers.
"We welcome the positive attitude of Chinese leaders on the fight against AIDS," prominent AIDS activist Wan Yanhai and director of the AIDS Action Project told AFP.
"But we would like to see the government open up to all non-government organisations... as our activities are still being restricted, we are unable to raise funds from inside China and we are still subject to (police) surveillance."

Load-Date: December 1, 2009


End of Document
AIDS epidemic worsens among American gays



AIDS epidemic worsens among American gays
Agence France Presse -- English
November 26, 2003 Wednesday


Copyright 2003 Agence France Presse
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, General News
Length: 393 words
Dateline: WASHINGTON, Nov 26
Body


The United States saw an alarming jump in the number of new HIV/AIDS cases among homosexual men between 1999 and 2002, US health authorities said Wednesday.
The number of new infections for this period rose 7.3 percent for all men but 17 percent for gays, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The figures covered only 29 US states and did not include states such as California, New York, Washington and Illinois, which have been particularly badly hit by AIDS and HIV.
The CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report said the number of overall cases among men had increased from 17,556 in 1999 to 18,843 in 2002 and among homosexuals, from 9,988 to 11,686.
The figures were released ahead of World AIDS Day on December 1.
"Reports of syphilis outbreaks and increased unprotected sex raised concerns regarding increases in HIV transmission among men who have sex with men (MSM)," said the report.
CDC experts said the report "indicated that HIV diagnoses increased among men, particularly MSM, and also among non-Hispanic whites and Hispanics.
"The findings emphasise the need for new prevention strategies to reverse potential increases in HIV among these populations."
New cases among women, heterosexuals and drug addicts stabilised over the same period, the CDC said.
Among the entire US population, the number of AIDS cases increased 5.1 percent between 1999 and 2002, while the trend had previously been to fall.
There were a total of 102,590 cases in the 29 states -- 70.5 percent among men and 29.5 percent among women.
Blacks continue to make up the biggest proportion of new cases, at 55 percent, but there was also a 26 percent increase among Hispanic Americans.
Doctors and health pressure groups estimate that there are between 850,000 and 950,000 HIV-positive people in the United States, with 40,000 additional people contaminated each year.
US pharmaceutical companies are investing huge amounts in the search for an AIDS vaccine. But less than half of all US adults have undergone AIDS tests. A third of people who undergo a test never collect the results.
Nearly 45 million people around the world live with the AIDS virus, most of them in developing countries where they have no medical treatment. About 25 million people have died from AIDS.
pb/tw/ejp
US-health-AIDS

Load-Date: November 27, 2003


End of Document
Fed: More gay men complacent about AIDS



Fed: More gay men complacent about AIDS
AAP NEWSFEED
July 12, 2000, Wednesday


Copyright 2000 AAP Information Services Pty. Ltd.
Section: Nationwide General News; Australian General News
Length: 450 words
Body

- having unprotected sex
AIDS Aust

By Alex Tilbury
            SYDNEY, July 12 AAP - Australian gay men were increasingly
having unprotected sex as complacency about AIDS rises, a professor
warned today.
            Professor Julian Gold, from the United Nations AIDS Centre in
Australia, the Albion Street Centre, said Sydney was fast becoming
the next San Francisco in terms of AIDS.
            "What we see in San Francisco, we usually see in Sydney five
years later, there are many similarities," Prof Gold said.
            Whatever lessons and warnings were coming out of San Francisco
needed to be immediately learned here, he said.
            "In Australia we've become a bit complacent about HIV. Nobody
wants HIV, it's an irritation to people, an irritation to young
people's lifestyles … , an irritation to governments because they
have to respond and do something about it," Prof Gold said.
            "People think it's no longer a problem but we know for a fact
that an increasing number of young gay men are having unprotected
sex."
            Prof Gold today launched the annual United Nations Children's
Fund (UNICEF) Progress of Nations report, showing the frightening
spread of HIV among young people, especially women and children.
            The findings show HIV and AIDS are decimating the developing
world and no where more savagely than sub-Saharan Africa.
            Six people in the world under the age of 24 are infected every
minute.
            Worldwide, girls and young women are more than 50 per cent more
likely to contract the disease than boys and young men.
           The highest infection rate is found in Botswana where one in
three women and one in seven men, aged from 15 to 24, are infected
with HIV as are one in 10 young men in Lesotho, South Africa and
Zimbabwe.
            And in 1999 alone an estimated 860,000 primary school children
in sub-Saharan Africa lost their teachers to AIDS.
            UNICEF Australia executive director Gaye Phillips said AIDS was
a universal human rights issue.
            "Don't be dismayed by the figures - these people don't need your
dismay, they need your motivation," she said.
            "It's about finding a way and helping people in your
neighbourhood - using the resources you have now at your disposal,"
she said.
            She said it was particularly disturbing that large numbers of
young people in HIV-prevalent countries were not clear on how to
protect themselves.
            "Many don't know they are at risk at all - especially girls -
and that's a disaster."

Load-Date: July 12, 2000


End of Document
Four gays are held over Aids rampage



Four gays are held over Aids rampage
Daily Mail (London)
June 1, 2007 Friday


Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Section: SC1
Length: 286 words
Body


A GROUP of HIV- positive men drugged other homosexuals then deliberately tried to infect them with the Aids virus, police said yesterday.
The four men are said to have raped their helpless victims or injected them with infected blood in revenge for carrying the virus that causes Aids themselves.
'They wanted to pass it on to the whole world,' said one source who knows the men.
There are thought to be as many as 16 victims aged between 18 and 55 in what has been described as one of Holland's most shocking sex cases.
The suspects have been charged with rape and 'premeditated severe assault' and face up to 16 years in prison.
They have not been charged with attempted murder because Dutch courts regard Aids as a chronic illness rather than a fatal disease.
The men are accused of passing on the virus at 'sex parties' in the university city of Groningen to which their victims were invited through Internet chatrooms. They were given the date-rape drug GHB and then either raped or injected with HIV-infected blood.
Five victims between the ages of 25 and 50 have reported to the police so far.
But police say their inquiries suggest there have been at least 16, some of whom are known tohave become HIV-positive since the attacks.
The suspects are all Dutch and aged from 33 to 48.
According to investigators, they got a kick out of drugging and then infecting their victims, wanting them to be HIV-infected like themselves.
A gay man who contacted police to report the sex parties held in private houses said participants were lured with promises of 'exciting encounters'.
He told a newspaper that the suspects had wanted 'to avenge themselves' for being infected with HIV by infecting any andevery partner they could find.

Load-Date: June 3, 2007


End of Document
Verdict decriminalising gay sex welcome: AIDS control body



Verdict decriminalising gay sex welcome: AIDS control body
Indo-Asian News Service
July 2, 2009 Thursday


Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Length: 413 words
Dateline: New Delhi 
Body


New Delhi, July. 2 -- The National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO) Thursday hailed the Delhi High Court judgment that decriminalises gay sex, saying it would help reach out to the community and prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS.
'It is a positive judgment. Decriminalising this high-risk group has made our job easier as we will be able to reach them. This will help the public health system,' K. Sujatha Rao, NACO director general and additional secretary in the health ministry, told IANS. The high court struck down the Indian Penal Code's (IPC) controversial section 377, a law from the British Raj era, that says homosexuality and "unnatural sex" is a criminal act. Rao said: "This (judgement) will help us access and prevent HIV/AIDS. HIV has no cure and it could be prevented through a condom." "Now, we will have more access to them, which was difficult earlier as the law made it difficult for us to work with sex workers and gays. They were the hidden population and we could not reach them as the law was not favouring them." NACO is the apex government body to monitor and check HIV/AIDS in India. The 2008-09 budget of NACO is over Rs.1100 crore, of which 67 percent is for prevention and 17 percent for care, support and treatment. According to estimates revised in 2007, India has an approximate 2.5 million people living with HIV. According to NACO, there are 2.35 million men having sex with men (MSM) in the country. On Thursday, a bench of Chief Justice Ajit Prakash Shah and Justice S. Muralidhar said that if not amended, section 377 of the IPC would violate Article 21 of the Indian Constitution, which states that every citizen has equal opportunity of life and is equal before law. Gays are considered to be among the high-risk group that is considered vulnerable to the spread of HIV/AIDS in India. Apart from them, the other groups are sex workers, truck drivers and injecting drug users (IDUs). 'Our plea has always been for decriminalising this high-risk group. We are happy that our plea was considered by the court. It would make the public health programmes more successful,' Rao told IANS over phone from Hyderabad. She said that India has been committed to universal access for halting and reversing the spread of HIV. 'This would enable us to achieve that goal,' she added. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Indo-Asian News Service.For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

Load-Date: July 3, 2009


End of Document
CDC: AIDS In Gay Drug Users Lower



CDC: AIDS In Gay Drug Users Lower
Associated Press Online
June 2, 2000; Friday


Copyright 2000 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, general news item
Length: 535 words
Byline: DAVID PITT 
Dateline: ATLANTA
Body


Though AIDS cases among gay men who use intravenous drugs has declined, the government said many of them continue to share needles and have unprotected sex behaviors that spread the disease.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday that 5 percent of men in that high-risk group had been diagnosed with AIDS in 1998, down from 8 percent in 1990. The decline is due in large part from increased use of antiretroviral therapies that delay disease progression, the CDC said.
A survey of 513 men in the high-risk group who were diagnosed with AIDS from 1996 to 1998, showed many are taking part in risky behavior that can spread the disease to other groups.
The survey showed that, in the past five years, 82 percent had used drugs, 34 percent had used intravenous drugs and 15 percent had shared needles. It also showed that 76 percent had sex with men and 43 percent had sex with women. Nearly half of those who were sexually active did not use condoms.
Studying men in this high risk group, the CDC said, was important because they have multiple risks for contracting and spreading the disease.
''Prevention measures that have an impact on that group could possibly prevent transmission to several different groups,'' spokeswoman Pascal Wortley said.
The survey indicated that 85 percent of the men in the high-risk group were 30 to 49 years old.
Forty-two percent of the AIDS cases among the high-risk men were in Southern states and 51 percent in the West.
___
On the Net:
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report: http://www2.cdc.gov/mmwr/mmwr_wk.html 
 Though AIDS has declined among gay men who use intravenous drugs, the government said many of them continue to share needles and have unprotected sex behaviors that spread the disease.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday that 5 percent of men in that high-risk group had been diagnosed with AIDS in 1998, down from 8 percent in 1990. The decline is due in large part to increased use of antiretroviral therapies that delay disease progression, the CDC said.
A survey of 513 men in the high-risk group who were diagnosed with AIDS from 1996 to 1998 showed many are taking part in risky behavior that can spread the disease to other groups.
The survey showed that, in the past five years, 82 percent had used drugs, 34 percent had used intravenous drugs and 15 percent had shared needles. It also showed that 76 percent had sex with men and 43 percent had sex with women. Nearly half of those who were sexually active did not use condoms.
Studying men in this high risk group, the CDC said, was important because they have multiple risks for contracting and spreading the disease.
''Prevention measures that have an impact on that group could possibly prevent transmission to several different groups,'' spokeswoman Pascal Wortley said.
The survey indicated that 85 percent of the men in the high-risk group were 30 to 49 years old.
Forty-four percent of the AIDS cases among the high-risk men in the study were in Southern states and 26 percent in the West. Most of the participants in the study were from those regions.
___
On the Net:
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report: http://www2.cdc.gov/mmwr/mmwr_wk.html 

Load-Date: June 2, 2000


End of Document
Report: Gay/bisexual men still bear brunt of AIDS



Report: Gay/bisexual men still bear brunt of AIDS
The Associated Press State & Local Wire
November 30, 2008 Sunday 6:46 PM GMT


Copyright 2008 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: STATE AND REGIONAL
Length: 558 words
Byline: By STEVE LeBLANC, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: BOSTON 
Body


Gay and bisexual men in Massachusetts continue to be the hardest hit by the AIDS epidemic according to a new report by the state Department of Public Health, which recommends the state step up its fight against the disease including a greater availability free condoms.
The report, released just ahead of World AIDS Day on Monday, found while Massachusetts has had success battling the spread of the disease among injection drug users and heterosexual men and women, it has had less success among gay and bisexual men.
More than half of HIV infections between 2004 and 2006 were among gay and bisexual men even though just 4 to 9 percent of Massachusetts men report having sex with other men in annual surveys.
Among the encouraging signs in the study is the increase in reported condom use. Fifty-six percent of gay and bisexual men who responded to a 2005-06 health survey reported regular condom use, up from 36% in 2000.
The report urges the state do even more to encourage the use of condoms. Among the report's recommendations is the "widespread free condom availability" to gay and bisexual men, including high-schoolers.
"Condoms save lives, so it is a good sign that we are seeing an increase in condom use," said DPH Commissioner John Auerbach. "However, it is clear given the data in this report that more needs to be done with respect to reaching men who have sex with men with important HIV prevention messages."
Besides greater availability of condoms, the report also recommends expanded availability of rapid HIV tests and routine screenings in hospital emergency rooms, community health centers, and private medical practices. The goal is to increase the number of people aware of their HIV status.
Despite successes treating those with the disease and controlling its spread, AIDS continues to be a significant health concern in Massachusetts.
As of May, 2008, 17,295 people reported living with HIV/AIDS in the state, with male-to-male sex the single biggest exposure to the disease. The proportion of gay and bisexual men living with HIV/AID was 25 times greater than among men who reported only having sex with female partners, the report found.
The report also found that while 68 percent of white men reported exposure to the disease through same-sex behavior, 25 percent of black men and 25 percent of Hispanic men reported same-sex exposure.
To better coordinate the fight against the disease, the health department will merge its existing HIV/AIDS Bureau with its Communicable Disease Control Bureau, in part to help patients at risk of multiple infections.
A recent troubling report found a 67 percent increase in syphilis cases over the past two years in Massachusetts. More than half of gay and bisexual men with syphilis are also HIV-positive.
"The message of prevention is missing too many men in Massachusetts," said Kevin Cranston, director of the Department's HIV/AIDS Bureau.
Among the reports other recommendations are:
 Expanding AIDS prevention resources directed toward gay and bisexual men;
 Expanding HIV testing targeting gay and bisexual men, including anonymous testing;
 Taking the prevention message to public, private, and commercial sexual venues, including the Internet;
 Maintaining the availability of AIDS treatments.
On the Net:
Massachusetts Department of Public Health HIV-AIDS Bureau: http://www.mass.gov/dph/aids

Load-Date: December 1, 2008


End of Document
Uganda Pro-Gay Activists Arrested At Aids Meet



Uganda; Pro-Gay Activists Arrested At Aids Meet
Africa News
June 4, 2008 Wednesday


Copyright 2008 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 333 words
Byline: New Vision
Body


GAY rights demonstrators beat security and sneaked into the venue of a global HIV/AIDS meeting at the Imperial Royale Hotel yesterday but ended up under Police arrest.
A woman and two men beat the security detail and sneaked with placards and a 67-page document soliciting for funding of their activities in Uganda. The activists, now detained at Jinja Road Police Station, were identified as Pepe Juliana Onzema, a freelance journalist, Usaam Mukwaaya and Valantini Katende.
Police spokesperson Simeo Nsubuga described them as intruders. "We are looking at a case of criminal trespass against them. They are not delegates and were not invited. They did not have accreditation cards."
The suspects, he said, had placards calling on the participants to consider gays in the planning and prevention of HIV/AIDS.
"Gay Ugandans also need HIV prevention", read one placard. Another said: "Since 1983 up to 2008 zero shillings to HIV prevention for gay Ugandans".
Anti-gay campaigner Pastor Martin Sempa termed the incident as unfortunate. "These people are illegal. They are in a wrong place and a wrong forum. In Uganda, we don't have a place for such people."
Earlier, the demonstrators managed to distribute their document to some of the delegates, drawn from across the globe.
In the paper, the gays urged the donors and other funding agencies to help reduce the rate of infection and to alleviate the suffering of anyone infected and affected by AIDS.
Homosexuality is illegal in Uganda under the Penal Code and is categorized as an unnatural practice. Ethics minister Dr. Nsaba Buturo has condemned gay activities.
The document said the gays are organised under four organisations namely Freedom and Roam Uganda, Integrity Uganda, Icebreakers Uganda and Spectrum Initiatives Uganda.
The meeting opened on Tuesday and drew over 1,700 participants from over 70 countries. President Yoweri Museveni opened the conference. He called for a focus on building capacity for local HIV prevention, treatment and care.

Load-Date: June 5, 2008


End of Document
AIDS epidemic jumps among American gays



AIDS epidemic jumps among American gays
Agence France Presse -- English
November 26, 2003 Wednesday


Copyright 2003 Agence France Presse
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, General News
Length: 232 words
Dateline: WASHINGTON, 26 Nov
Body


The United States saw an alarming jump in the number of new AIDS-HIV cases between 1999 and 2002 among men who engage in risky behavior with other men, US health authorities said Wednesday.
The number of new infections for this period rose 7.3 percent for all men but 17 percent for homosexuals, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The figures covered only 29 US states and did not include states such as California, New York, Washington and Illinois, which have been particularly badly hit by AIDS and HIV.
The CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report said the number of overall cases among men had increased from 17,556 cases in 1999 to 18,843 in 2002 and among homosexuals from 9,988 to 11,686.
The figures were released ahead of World AIDS Day on December 1.
"Reports of syphilis outbreaks and increased unprotected sex raised concerns regarding increases in HIV transmission among men who have sex with men," said the report.
CDC experts said the report "indicated that HIV diagnoses increased among men, particularly MSM, and also among non-Hispanic whites and Hispanics.
"The findings emphasise the need for new prevention strategies to reverse potential increases in HIV among these populations."
New cases among women, heterosexuals and drug addicts stabilised over the same time, the CDC said.
pb/tw/kd
US-health-AIDS

Load-Date: November 27, 2003


End of Document
Aids an issue for all, not just gays



Aids an issue for all, not just gays
The Straits Times (Singapore)
March 25, 2005 Friday


Copyright 2005 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
Section: Singapore
Length: 404 words
Body


THE HIV/AIDS problem is a health-care issue that affects everyone, not a pro- or anti-gay matter, Senior Minister of State for Health Balaji Sadasivan stressed at a dialogue session.
Speaking on Wednesday at the first meeting to obtain people's views on proposed changes to the Infectious Diseases Act, he said it is easy for the message to be 'hijacked' by secondary concerns.
'The ministry is not anti-gay,' he told 100 women grassroot leaders at the session at Cheng San Community Centre in Ang Mo Kio, where he also explained the reasons for the proposed changes to the Act.
'We're interested in stopping the spread of the human immunodeficiency virus. The people who will benefit most are the gays, since they're spreading it from one to another.'
Dr Balaji said he expected 'tremendous opposition' to the proposals from the gay community, and cited the recent flak he received for linking gay parties here with the spike in new Aids cases as an example.
The issue 'is not unique to Singapore', he said. Other countries such as America, Canada, and Australia have also reported an increase in Aids whenever a gay party is held.
Dr Balaji, who was the guest-of-honour of the Life! Theatre Awards last week, said many of the gay guests made jokes about his comments on HIV and gay issues.
While he laughed along with them, he felt 'sad' when he went on stage to present an award.
'I looked down at the crowd, and among them, there are four to five chaps who are probably HIV positive and will die in four to five years.
'The risk is not to me or the Health Ministry, but to these chaps who are already HIV positive. It's not us spreading the disease to them, but them spreading it to each other, and we want to stop that.'
But the chief executive of gay and lesbian web portal Fridae.com, Dr Stuart Koe, said the gay community was 'a little bit confused because the minister keeps contradicting himself'.
'Dr Balaji made many comments on the issue recently. He said he's not homophobic, but later admitted that some of his remarks may be construed as such.
'He said he's not sensationalistic but made shocking remarks about gays.
'He's stigmatising the disease.'
Mr Brenton Wong, vice-president of Action For Aids, a voluntary support group for Aids patients, said: 'Talk is cheap. The ministry should put its money where its mouth is and come up with better prevention campaigns and provide free treatment, as other countries are doing.'

Load-Date: March 24, 2005


End of Document
'Gay plague' words sink appointee to AIDS panel



'Gay plague' words sink appointee to AIDS panel
 Philadelphia Inquirer
January 24, 2003 Friday CITY-D-EAST EDITION


Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC  All Rights Reserved


Section: NATIONAL; Pg. A08
Length: 321 words
Byline: Associated Press
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


A Christian activist from Pennsylvania chosen by the Bush administration for an AIDS advisory panel withdrew his name under pressure yesterday after he was criticized for characterizing the disease as the "gay plague."
The administration had asked Jerry Thacker, a marketing consultant from Fleetwood, Pa., near Reading, to serve on the Presidential Advisory Commission on HIV and AIDS. He was to be sworn in next week by Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy G. Thompson.
In a letter to Thompson, Thacker said that his statements had been misconstrued but that he was no longer willing to accept the appointment "due to my and my family's personal concern about my ability to be effective with the council given the current controversy."
White House press secretary Ari Fleischer sternly rebuked Thacker's remarks, saying that "the views that he holds are far, far removed from what the President believes."
Fleischer added, "The President's view is that people with AIDS need to be treated with care, compassion."
Thacker contracted the AIDS virus in 1986 after his wife was infected by a blood transfusion received during childbirth. Their daughter born of that pregnancy also is HIV-positive.
That experience led Thacker, a Bob Jones University graduate, to found the Pennsylvania-based Scepter Institute to promote his workshops, books and videos on AIDS.
The content of his speeches and writings drew severe criticism from gay-rights groups and others when news surfaced of his selection to the 35-member commission, which advises the White House on AIDS prevention and treatment policy.
"His brand of reactionary gay-bashing has no place in public policy and government," said Sen. John Kerry (D., Mass.), a presidential candidate.
David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign, a gay-rights advocacy group, applauded the news that Thacker would not join the panel but said Bush administration AIDS policies still fell far short.

Load-Date: January 24, 2003


End of Document
Public tolerance needed for Chinese gays to tackle AIDS



Public tolerance needed for Chinese gays to tackle AIDS
Xinhua General News Service
December 7, 2009 Monday 5:25 AM EST


Copyright 2009 Xinhua News Agency
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS; Science, Cultural, Education, Health
Length: 608 words
Dateline: BEIJING Dec. 7
Body


   While it's becoming acceptable for  gays and lesbians in Beijing to party in their own clubs, the  public disclosure of a gay bar in the small city of Dali crossed  an invisible line. 
    Due to intense publicity, the government-funded gay bar in  Dali, in south China's Yunnan Province, failed to open as  scheduled on Dec. 1. Local officials said the postponement was to  protect volunteers from discrimination. 
    "Gays and lesbians as a group still face stigma and  discrimination, and that is why those volunteers are afraid of  exposing themselves to the public," said Wei Jiangang, a gay  rights advocate who writes the popular"Queer Comrades" blog. 
    He appeals for greater social tolerance towards homosexuals so  that they don't have to hide out in the closet. 
    "A gay bar is like another closet to us. We're taking shelter  here, still afraid of exposing our sexual identity in public  venues," he says. 
    In China, it was only in 1997 that homosexual practices were  decriminalized, and being gay or lesbian was taken off the list of  mental health illnesses only after 2001. 
    Wei believes greater social tolerance is essential if gay men  are to practice safe sex as an effective way for AIDS prevention. 
    He says only when a person is confident in his sexual identity,  without feeling degraded or isolated from society, will he use  protection. 
    Zhao Jinkou, senior advisor with the Bill & Melinda Gates  Foundation Beijing Office, also asserts that discrimination  inhibits the practice of safe sex. "When sexual activity is  hurried and furtive, it's hard to negotiate condom use with  partners." 
    A report released last month by UNAIDS (Joint United Nations  Programme on HIV/AIDS) and China's Ministry of Health alerted the  nation to the spread of HIV/AIDS among gay men. 
    Health Minister Chen Zhu said sexual transmission has become  the major cause of infection, accounting for more than 70 percent  of all newly detected HIV/AIDS cases, and sexual transmission  among gay men accounted for 32 percent. 
    According to the report, China reported 319,877 HIV positive  cases, of whom 102,323 had AIDS and 49,845 had died. 
    Qingdao University Professor Zhang Beichuan, an expert on  HIV/AIDS prevention and homosexuality, estimates China's  homosexual population at 30 million. The population of gay men is  unclear. 
    A survey by Zhang Beichuan of 1,259 homosexuals found 8.7  percent were fired or forced to resign after revealing their  sexual orientation, and 4.7 percent felt their salary and upward  mobility were affected. Some 62 percent keep their sexual  orientation as a secret in the work place. 
    They are also under tremendous pressure from relatives and  families as getting married and having children are practically  required by tradition. As a Chinese saying goes, having no child  is the biggest disrespect to a man's parents. 
    Professor Zhang blames discrimination as the major cause of HIV  spread in this group. 
    He argues that as relationships between gay men are neither  encouraged or protected, they are more unlikely to develop stable  relationships. As a result, they tend to have multiple sex  partners and face greater chance of HIV infection. 
    Da Wei, the subject of the documentary "AIDS Witness" shot by  Wei Jiangang, is the first man in China to live openly as an  HIV-positive homosexual. He has been thrown out of a bar because  of his HIV-positive status. 
    "I hope people can understand that the world is full of  differences. Regardless of whether you agree with it or not, you  should accept that others have the right to live differently."   

Load-Date: December 8, 2009


End of Document
AIDS infections increasing among Seattle -area gay men



AIDS infections increasing among Seattle-area gay men
The Associated Press State & Local Wire
June 4, 2003, Wednesday, BC cycle


Copyright 2003 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: State and Regional
Length: 577 words
Dateline: SEATTLE
Body


AIDS virus infections among gay men in King County appear to be soaring, prompting warnings from health officials to take more precautions against spread of the deadly ailment.
HIV infections diagnosed in public health clinics rose 40 percent last year and are projected to increase by another 60 percent this year, "the most dramatic increase since the beginning of the epidemic" more than 20 years ago, said Dr. Robert Wood, director of AIDS control for the Seattle-King County Health Department.
The agency's clinics reported 94 new HIV infections in gay men tested last year, and testing through April indicates there could be more than 150 cases by the end of this year.
"The new information is frightening. It's astounding," Wood said.
Health officials based their analysis on reports from public clinics, where patients generally have high infection risks. Increases in private clinics likely are lower, Wood said.
Officials estimate there are 400 to 500 new HIV infections in the county each year, including those found at private clinics.
Lacking a count from private clinics, however, the overall increase in HIV infections remains unknown.
Last year there was an increase of about 11 percent in the number of gay men tested for HIV in public clinics, which Wood said was encouraging but could not account for the increase in infections.
He estimated about 8,400 county residents are HIV-positive, including about 3,000 with full-blown AIDS, compared to 7,500 individuals with HIV two years ago.
Gay and bisexual men account for about 85 percent of the AIDS cases in the state's most populous county.
As in other large cities, reduced fear of AIDS because of new medications and burnout on safe-sex messages have resulted in riskier sexual behavior, health officials said.
Health officials and AIDS-oriented community groups are urging gay men to be tested for the virus, disclose their status to sexual partners and practice safe sex.
"We need to take HIV out of the closet. It's the responsibility of all guys who are sexually active to be talking about it - and don't be afraid to talk about it if you have it," said Jack Johnston, program coordinator for Positive Power, a group that helps HIV-positive men.
Cuts in funding for AIDS prevention programs have also taken a toll, said David Richart, director of education and prevention for Lifelong AIDS Alliance.
The organization plans to begin a public education campaign with bus placards and outreach through the Internet in July.
To encourage testing, the county agency last Friday began a pilot project offering a new HIV blood test that gives results in about 20 minutes, instead of the week required for a conventional test.
Volunteers are recruited along Broadway on Capitol Hill for the test, called OraQuick, in a nearby private office with an "incentive" of $10. Counseling is provided before and after results are known.
The test is quite accurate but remains subject to confirmation by a conventional test, Wood said.
Wood, who has battled AIDS for years but is relatively healthy now, said that if the project is successful in the next year, health officials hope to expand it to gay bathhouses and sex clubs.
"One of the most important things you can do in HIV prevention is make sure people know if they are positive or negative," he said. "Studies have shown that people make major changes in behavior when they learn their status."

Load-Date: June 5, 2003


End of Document
AIDS RISING FASTER AMONG GAY HISPANIC, BLACK MEN



AIDS RISING FASTER AMONG GAY HISPANIC, BLACK MEN
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)
January 14, 2000, Friday,
SOONER EDITION


Copyright 2000 P.G. Publishing Co.
Section: SCIENCE, MEDICINE, TECHNOLOGY,
Length: 604 words
Byline: BYRON SPICE, , SCIENCE EDITOR, POST-GAZETTE
Body


For the first time, more black and Hispanic gay men are being diagnosed with AIDS than white gay men, federal health officials said yesterday.
But if that seems surprising, it's only because many minority gay men feel they must remain in the closet, said one Pittsburgh man.
Howard, a 40-year-old black man who is infected with the human immunodeficiency virus and who asked to remain anonymous, said the prejudices and discrimination faced by gay men are magnified for those in the minority community.
"We work. We have lives. A lot of us have families," he said. Many black gay men put that at risk if they acknowledge they are gay. "You're talking about careers on the line," he said.
For those reasons, many minority men are hesitant to seek AIDS prevention and treatment services, and that plays a role in the spread of the disease.
"Clearly, all the evidence suggests that it's harder to be a gay man of color in this society than it is to be a white gay man," said Dr. Helene Gayle, director of the center for prevention of HIV, sexually transmitted diseases and tuberculosis at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The CDC reported yesterday that 52 percent of the 18,153 gay and bisexual men who were diagnosed with AIDS in 1998 were minorities. By contrast, minorities represented 31 percent of those diagnosed in 1989.
Black men made up one-third of the 1998 cases, while Hispanics represented 18 percent. Asian and Pacific Islanders made up 1 percent of the cases.
Gayle said trends identified several years ago led researchers to project that the number of nonwhite gay men with AIDS would surpass the number of whites, but it happened faster than expected.
"The tendency to equate gay and white has persisted," she said. "People have totally ignored the consistent fact that gay men of color have always been the largest single risk category for men … and this issue is never talked about."
Gay men in the black community face an odd dilemma, said Howard, a volunteer with the Pittsburgh AIDS Task Force. To be accepted within the black community, gay men "have to be really out there." The much larger number of less-flamboyant gays are more likely to be ostracized if they acknowledge their sexuality.
"Not all black gay men even identify with being gay," Howard added. That was borne out by a CDC survey of 8,780 HIV-infected men who had sex with other men. Nearly a quarter of the black men surveyed and 18 percent of the Hispanics considered themselves heterosexual. By contrast, only 6 percent of the white men who had sex with men identified themselves as heterosexual.
Though many black gay men may delay seeking treatment, Howard said that wasn't the case for him. By the time he needed services, he had already become involved as a caregiver for others.
"It was bad enough being black. It's bad enough being black and gay. But to be black and gay and have AIDS … I mean, you talk about three strikes and you're out. You can't get much worse than that. We had families turning their backs on people."
The CDC report found that 85 percent of the black and Hispanic gay men with AIDS lived in metropolitan areas with populations of more than 500,000. Like other areas, more than half of all new AIDS diagnoses in Allegheny County are among minorities, said Guillermo Cole, spokesman for the county Health Department, though recent statistics were not available yesterday.
New York City had the highest number of both black and white gay men with AIDS in 1998, while the Los Angeles-Long Beach, Calif., metro area had the most cases of Hispanic gay men with AIDS.
The Associated Press contributed to this article.

Graphic

 
INFORMATIONAL GRAPHIC, INFORMATIONAL GRAPHIC: Associated Press; The Centers for Disease; Control and Prevention: AIDS increases among gay minorities

Load-Date: January 14, 2000


End of Document
Public tolerance needed for Chinese gays to tackle AIDS



Public tolerance needed for Chinese gays to tackle AIDS
Xinhua General News Service
December 7, 2009 Monday 1:17 AM EST


Copyright 2009 Xinhua News Agency
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS; Science, Cultural, Education, Health
Length: 608 words
Dateline: BEIJING Dec. 7
Body


   While it's becoming acceptable for  gays and lesbians in Beijing to party in their own clubs, the  public disclosure of a gay bar in the small city of Dali crossed  an invisible line. 
    Due to intense publicity, the government-funded gay bar in  Dali, in south China's Yunnan Province, failed to open as  scheduled on Dec. 1. Local officials said the postponement was to  protect volunteers from discrimination. 
    "Gays and lesbians as a group still face stigma and  discrimination, and that is why those volunteers are afraid of  exposing themselves to the public," said Wei Jiangang, a gay  rights advocate who writes the popular"Queer Comrades" blog. 
    He appeals for greater social tolerance towards homosexuals so  that they don't have to hide out in the closet. 
    "A gay bar is like another closet to us. We're taking shelter  here, still afraid of exposing our sexual identity in public  venues," he says. 
    In China, it was only in 1997 that homosexual practices were  decriminalized, and being gay or lesbian was taken off the list of  mental health illnesses only after 2001. 
    Wei believes greater social tolerance is essential if gay men  are to practice safe sex as an effective way for AIDS prevention. 
    He says only when a person is confident in his sexual identity,  without feeling degraded or isolated from society, will he use  protection. 
    Zhao Jinkou, senior advisor with the Bill & Melinda Gates  Foundation Beijing Office, also asserts that discrimination  inhibits the practice of safe sex. "When sexual activity is  hurried and furtive, it's hard to negotiate condom use with  partners." 
    A report released last month by UNAIDS (Joint United Nations  Programme on HIV/AIDS) and China's Ministry of Health alerted the  nation to the spread of HIV/AIDS among gay men. 
    Health Minister Chen Zhu said sexual transmission has become  the major cause of infection, accounting for more than 70 percent  of all newly detected HIV/AIDS cases, and sexual transmission  among gay men accounted for 32 percent. 
    According to the report, China reported 319,877 HIV positive  cases, of whom 102,323 had AIDS and 49,845 had died. 
    Qingdao University Professor Zhang Beichuan, an expert on  HIV/AIDS prevention and homosexuality, estimates China's  homosexual population at 30 million. The population of gay men is  unclear. 
    A survey by Zhang Beichuan of 1,259 homosexuals found 8.7  percent were fired or forced to resign after revealing their  sexual orientation, and 4.7 percent felt their salary and upward  mobility were affected. Some 62 percent keep their sexual  orientation as a secret in the work place. 
    They are also under tremendous pressure from relatives and  families as getting married and having children are practically  required by tradition. As a Chinese saying goes, having no child  is the biggest disrespect to a man's parents. 
    Professor Zhang blames discrimination as the major cause of HIV  spread in this group. 
    He argues that as relationships between gay men are neither  encouraged or protected, they are more unlikely to develop stable  relationships. As a result, they tend to have multiple sex  partners and face greater chance of HIV infection. 
    Da Wei, the subject of the documentary "AIDS Witness" shot by  Wei Jiangang, is the first man in China to live openly as an  HIV-positive homosexual. He has been thrown out of a bar because  of his HIV-positive status. 
    "I hope people can understand that the world is full of  differences. Regardless of whether you agree with it or not, you  should accept that others have the right to live differently."   

Load-Date: December 9, 2009


End of Document
World AIDS Day: National Gay and Lesbian Task Force Calls for Greater Government and Community Response to HIV/AIDS Epidemic



World AIDS Day: National Gay and Lesbian Task Force Calls for Greater Government and Community Response to HIV/AIDS Epidemic
Targeted News Service
November 30, 2007 Friday 7:56 AM  EST


Copyright 2007 Targeted News Service LLC. All Rights Reserved
Length: 415 words
Byline: Targeted News Service
Dateline: WASHINGTON 
Body


 The National Gay & Lesbian Task Force issued the following news release:
  Tomorrow, Dec. 1, marks the annual World AIDS Day, which is dedicated to raising awareness about the AIDS epidemic and remembering those lost to the disease.
  Statement by Matt Foreman, Executive Director
 National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
  "On World AIDS Day, we mourn all the people we have lost to this dreadful disease -- our lovers, our friends, our family members, our leaders. Our hearts go out to all those who are now suffering and dying. And we acknowledge with great sadness the reality that thousands more will become infected during the coming year, with no end in sight.
  "Here in the United States, the attitude of so many within our own community is that there's not a lot more to be done. That anyone who acquires HIV today has no one to blame but himself. That HIV/AIDS is most certainly not a gay disease. That it's time to move on.
  "We must do everything possible to end these attitudes or we will be going through these same grim World AIDS Day motions year after year, year after year.
  "We can no longer respond with silence to studies that show that nearly half of African-American gay and bisexual men in our large cities have HIV, and two-thirds don't even know it. Or shrug off the fact that of the 129 government-approved interventions to address HIV in African Americans, only one has been designed or adapted for black gay men.
  "We can no longer buy into the blame-the-victim mentality when the fact is that our government continues to slash funding for prevention programs.
  "We can no longer pretend to be mystified by the surge in HIV in young gay and bisexual men when, instead of abolishing the abominable and thoroughly-debunked 'abstinence-only' programs, the Democratic-controlled Congress is -- this very day -- considering giving them a huge increase in funding.
  "When -- in a few weeks -- the government announces statistics showing a huge surge in new HIV cases, we cannot let them explain it away saying, 'It's just because we are counting more accurately.'
  "We must break the mindset that this isn't our problem, when the fact is that gay and bisexual men are still the majority of people living with HIV and still the majority of new infections.
  "This has to be the year when our community brings HIV/AIDS back to the core of our agenda for complete equality."
  Contact: Roberta Sklar, 646/358-1465, rsklar@theTaskForce.org
  TNS gv51-jf78-071201-1276705 18MASHJofrey

Load-Date: December 1, 2007


End of Document
Gay men unaware of AIDS infection status



Gay men unaware of AIDS infection status
United Press International
July 8, 2002, Monday


Copyright 2002 U.P.I.
Section: FINANCIAL NEWS
Length: 528 words
Byline: By ED SUSMAN, UPI Science News
Dateline: BARCELONA, Spain, July 8
Body


Most young gay men in the United States are unaware they are infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, government researchers said Monday.
"Clearly, unrecognized infection with human immunodeficiency virus is a problem in men who have sex with men," said Duncan MacKeller, an epidemiologist with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, Ga.
"A substantial number of young gay and bisexual men of all races have HIV, do not know they are infected, do not think they are at risk, are not getting tested and may be unknowingly transmitting the virus to their partners," he said.
In a presentation at the 14th International AIDS Conference, MacKeller reported:
 Of 5,719 young gay men tested in several American cities -- Baltimore, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York and Seattle -- 573 or about 10 percent of them tested positive for HIV.
"That is a high percentage of infected individuals," MacKeller told United Press International, "but what is more alarming is that most of those young men -- aged 15 to 29 -- aren't aware of their status."
 Of those 573 infected individuals, 440 men or 77 percent were unaware they were infected.
 Broken down by ethnic group, 91 percent of gay or bisexual African-American men were unaware if they were infected, 70 percent of gay or bisexual Latinos were unaware of their HIV status and 60 percent of gay or bisexual whites did not know whether they had the disease.
MacKeller said 73 percent of the men surveyed had undergone HIV testing, but 55 percent either never had a test or had not been tested in more than a year. He said if a previous test had rendered an HIV-negative showing, the men may have perceived they were free of getting the disease.
"What we wonder is what is happening at the encounter these people had at the testing clinic and what their counselors told them," MacKeller said. "We have got to make sure that these counselors are on the top of their game when they talk to people who have a negative test."
However, Phill Wilson, executive director of the African American AIDS Policy and Training Institute in Los Angeles, suggested the problem occurred long before the men went for their HIV test.
"The real failure is that these folks are not in the health care system at all," he said. The problem goes beyond HIV infection and encompasses a failure to understand risks of heart disease, cancer and other infections, he said, adding that he knows people with advanced stages of syphilis who have assumed they were not infected because they have been in steady relationships for years and had not sought treatment.
Dr. Ron Valdiserri, deputy director of the CDC's National Center for HIV, STD and TB Prevention, said, "As we work to renew HIV prevention among gay men and others at high risk, the knowledge gained through these studies is critical to forging solutions that address the current realities of gay and bisexual men's lives."
MacKeller added, "We have got to reduce the number of gay and bisexual men who are not aware of their HIV status."
|end| Content: 07001000 07002000 07003000 07004000 07005000 07006000 07008000 07010000 07011000 07012000 07013000 07014000 13003000 13006000 13009000

Load-Date: July 9, 2002


End of Document
AIDS epidemic jumps among American gays



AIDS epidemic jumps among American gays
Agence France Presse -- English
November 26, 2003 Wednesday


Copyright 2003 Agence France Presse
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, General News
Length: 232 words
Dateline: WASHINGTON, 26 Nov
Body


The United States saw an alarming jump in the number of new AIDS-HIV cases between 1999 and 2002 among men who engage in risky behavior with other men, US health authorities said Wednesday.
The number of new infections for this period rose 7.3 percent for all men but 17 percent for homosexuals, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The figures covered only 29 US states and did not include states such as California, New York, Washington and Illinois, which have been particularly badly hit by AIDS and HIV.
The CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report said the number of overall cases among men had increased from 17,556 cases in 1999 to 18,843 in 2002 and among homosexuals from 9,988 to 11,686.
The figures were released ahead of World AIDS Day on December 1.
"Reports of syphilis outbreaks and increased unprotected sex raised concerns regarding increases in HIV transmission among men who have sex with men," said the report.
CDC experts said the report "indicated that HIV diagnoses increased among men, particularly MSM, and also among non-Hispanic whites and Hispanics.
"The findings emphasise the need for new prevention strategies to reverse potential increases in HIV among these populations."
New cases among women, heterosexuals and drug addicts stabilised over the same time, the CDC said.
pb/tw/kd
US-health-AIDS-X%

Load-Date: November 27, 2003


End of Document
CDC: AIDS In Gay Drug Users Lower



CDC: AIDS In Gay Drug Users Lower
Associated Press Online
June 1, 2000; Thursday


Copyright 2000 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic, non-Washington, general news item
Length: 286 words
Byline: DAVID PITT 
Dateline: ATLANTA
Body


The number of AIDS cases among gay men who use intravenous drugs have been decreasing since 1992, although many men in this high-risk group continue behaviors that spread the disease including sharing needles and having unprotected sex, the government said Thursday.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated that 5 percent of men in that category had been diagnosed with AIDS in 1998, down from 8 percent in 1990.
The decline is due in large part to increased use of antiretroviral therapies that delay disease progression, the CDC said.
CDC officials said studying men in this high-risk group _ defined by the agency as men who had sex with men and used intravenous drugs was important because they have multiple risks for contracting and spreading the disease.
''Prevention measures that have an impact on that group could possibly prevent transmission to several different groups,'' spokeswoman Pascal Wortley said.
A survey of 513 men considered in that high-risk group who were diagnosed with AIDS from 1996 to 1998 showed many are taking part in risky behavior that can spread the disease to other groups.
The survey showed that, in the past five years, 82 percent had used drugs, 34 percent had used intravenous drugs, and 15 percent had shared needles. It also showed that 76 percent had sex with men and 43 percent had sex with women. Nearly half of those who were sexually active did not use condoms.
The survey indicated that 85 percent of the men in the high-risk group were 30 to 49 years old. Thirty-six percent were black, 42 percent white and 17 percent Hispanic.
Forty-two percent of the AIDS cases among the high-risk men were in Southern states and 51 percent in the Western United States.

Load-Date: June 1, 2000


End of Document
China's "many gays' obstacle to Aids fight



China's "many gays' obstacle to Aids fight
The Straits Times (Singapore)
October 28, 2001, Sunday


Copyright 2001 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
Section: East Asia, Pg. 13
Length: 371 words
Byline: Mary Kwang, China Correspondent
Body


Health official says number of homosexuals is alarming, and many of them are largely ignorant of Aids
BEIJING -- The number of homosexuals in China has reached alarming proportions, underlining the urgency for the fight against Aids to be taken to the long ignored gay community, a senior Chinese health official has said.
Such public comment on homosexuality is rare in the country.
Vice-Health Minister Yin Dakui, speaking at an Aids conference last week, said preventing the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome, which breaks down the body's disease-fighting immune system, would be a huge challenge because of the unknown number of homosexuals in China.
He said the authorities and society had failed to pay adequate attention to the gay community.
He said there was no accurate data on China's homosexuals, but he felt the number was big enough to cause consternation.
Although homosexuality is not illegal in China, the authorities have tended to sweep the taboo topic under the carpet. However, academic studies have shown that homosexuality is as common in China as in other countries, with the earliest records traced back to the Shang dynasty (1600 BC -- 1100 BC).
China's gay community is largely ignorant of the risks of Aids and the preventive measures.
The Health Ministry revealed for the first time last week that since 1985, when the first Aids case was reported in China, those who contracted the disease through homosexual activities made up 0.2 per cent of the estimated total of Aids victims in the country.
No absolute figure was cited.
According to official statistics, there was a total of 28,000 Aids victims in China at the end of last month, far short of the 600,000 estimated by experts.
Mr Yin's remarks and other moves by the authorities indicate, however, that the Chinese government is trying to be more open about the problem.
Promoting awareness
TO DEAL with the Aids threat, the government is stepping up educational programmes. It is planning a television drama serial, a gala and a marathon race, among other activities, to promote awareness of Aids.
A national work conference will also be held next month ahead of World Aids Day on Dec 1.

Load-Date: October 30, 2001


End of Document
AIDS groups, gay activists dismayed over new pope



AIDS groups, gay activists dismayed over new pope
Agence France Presse -- English
April 20, 2005 Wednesday 1:35 AM GMT


Copyright 2005 Agence France Presse All Rights Reserved


Length: 473 words
Byline: Gina Doggett
Dateline: ROME April 20
Body


Pope Benedict XVI is likely to be even more rigid than his predecessor, the late John Paul II, on questions regarding the use of condoms to prevent the spread of AIDS, gay rights activists said.
"The former positions taken by the Catholic Church had already prevented the use of condoms and helped the spread of AIDS," said Franco Grillini, a gay left-wing Italian lawmaker who is the honorary president of the gay rights group Arcigay. "We are very worried."
"This (new) pope has been violently homophobic," he told AFP by telephone from Bologna following the election of the arch-conservative German cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, 78, to succeed his friend and mentor John Paul II.
Arcigay president Sergio Lo Giudice added: "This pope has already taken more rigid positions than John Paul II."
He said the Church's opposition to condom use was practically set in stone, recalling an imbroglio early this year when the spokesman for Spain's Conference of Catholic Bishops, Juan Antonio Martinez Camino, said condoms could be used as part of the global effort to prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS.
Spanish Church officials and the Vatican swiftly set the record straight, saying the Roman Catholic Church remained opposed to the use of condoms, and explaining that the policy was ultimately aimed at discouraging fornication.
Yet the Church hierarchy offered no alternative method of fighting the deadly virus.
"The use of prophylactics is unacceptable even as a solution to the problem of AIDS, because the objective is the fight against fornication," said Cardinal Javier Lozano Barragan, the Vatican's health secretary.
"The sixth commandment says it clearly: do not fornicate. It's not a negative position. We are doing it to defend life," he said, while recognizing the right of a spouse whose husband has HIV/AIDS to demand that he use a condom.
Nearly 40 million people had AIDS or HIV as of the end of 2004, according to UNAIDS and the World Health Organisation (WHO).
In South Africa, where some 25 million Africans are living with HIV and AIDS, Anglican Archbishop Desmond Tutu expressed hope that "the whole question of disease, HIV/AIDS particularly," would be addressed by the new pontiff, who should also "look again at the prohibition that the Church has placed on condoms."
"These have been shown to have been a very significant part of the campaign to combat this pandemic," said the Nobel peace prize winner.
Criticism also came from Marie Stopes International, a London-based organisation that promotes access to contraceptives and abortion.
"It looks like this particular cardinal will continue with the line on contraception, condoms, and HIV prevention that Pope John Paul II had. It's regrettable because that will impact so terribly on the lives of millions of people, particularly in the developing world," said spokesman Tony Kerrigan.

Load-Date: April 20, 2005


End of Document
Yes, gay men are at risk in China ; AIDS



Yes, gay men are at risk in China ;
AIDS
The International Herald Tribune
January 21, 2005 Friday


Copyright 2005 International Herald Tribune
Section: OPINION; Pg. 6
Length: 779 words
Byline: Edmund Settle
Dateline: BEIJING
Body


Has China come out of the closet?
On Dec. 1 appeared "A Joint Assessment of HIV/AIDS Prevention, Treatment and Care in China," a report by the country's State Council and the United Nations' Unaids branch. Afterward, China's state-controlled media released an unprecedented eight articles identifying China's gay population at high risk for contracting and transmitting HIV/AIDS. Until recently, though, Chinese health authorities had literally ignored this socially marginalized population of up to 20 million when designing its national response to the disease. Its turnaround is encouraging, but possibly too late to prevent a far-reaching AIDS outbreak among the gay population. China is estimated to have 840,000 HIV cases, with needle-sharing remaining the primary mode of transmission, accounting for 44 percent of all cases. Sexual transmission has risen to 30 percent, of which unprotected gay sex is explicitly estimated to be at 11.1 percent. China's national HIV prevalence rate remains at 0.1 percent, but new infections are increasing at an astonishing annual rate of 40 percent. Experts warn that China may have between 10 million and 15 million HIV/AIDS cases in six years, with gay men accounting for over 1.5 million of those. Prevalence rates among gay men are likely much higher than declared. The national rate among men who have sex with men is reported to be 1.35 percent. But independent studies reveal local prevalence rates among this group may be as high as 3 percent. In 1989, China's first reported domestic transmission of HIV occurred in Beijing through homosexual sex, and now gay men officially account for 17,813 cases, or 0.2 percent of all confirmed HIV/AIDS cases in China.
International Herald TribuneChinese gay men are a potential bridge group that could channel HIV into the general population. An independent study released early in 2004 revealed that within a six-month period, up to 50 percent of gay men routinely participated in unsafe sex and 28 percent had sex with both men and women. Additional studies show that while over half of urban gay men eventually marry, many still maintain multiple same-sex partners. The figures are most likely higher among rural gay men. Early AIDS-control policies exclusively identified AIDS as a medical issue and equated those infected, including intravenous drug users, prostitutes and homosexuals, as social deviants. In 1993, the director of the China's National Institute of Health Education was dismissed for allegedly promoting gay civil rights by establishing China's first HIV/AIDS program for gay men. Such punitive approaches have in effect limited any large-scale government or independent prevention and testing campaigns aimed at China's gay communities. Consequently, general HIV/AIDS knowledge among Chinese gay men remains dangerously deficient. Some 80 percent of Chinese gay men lack essential HIV/AIDS prevention knowledge, and 85 percent believe they were not at risk for contracting HIV, resulting in low voluntary testing rates. In Beijing, only 18 percent of gay men have acknowledged being tested for HIV, while up to a quarter have a history of sexually transmitted diseases. Current government HIV programs are insufficient to prevent a large-scale AIDS outbreak among gay men. And members of the Chinese gay community has largely been absent in the country's AIDS response. Their potential as truly effective community advocates could be tested on how well they coordinate a unified response to HIV/AIDS. Currently, less than a quarter of Chinese gay men take advantage of gay organizations' existing outreach programs, like condom promotion and hotline services. In 1997 homosexuality was decriminalized, and in 2001 the Chinese Psychiatric Association declassified homosexuality as a pathological condition, thus allowing greater social and legal space for gay groups to increase their HIV-related community activities. Several of China's gay organizations have gained valuable experience while cooperating and participating in internationally funded outreach and prevention programs. Clearly, it would be beneficial for health officials to actively support gay organizations' efforts to develop measures to distribute education and prevention materials, coordinate outreach programs and encourage voluntary testing. Such cooperation would significantly benefit China's national AIDS response, as well as strengthen the gay community's ability to sustain effective, long-term prevention and education programs. *** Edmund Settle is program coordinator for the China HIV/AIDS Information Network in Beijing.
 [Not to be reproduced without the permission of the author.]

Load-Date: January 21, 2005


End of Document
US gays' role honored in fight for AIDS awareness



US gays' role honored in fight for AIDS awareness
Agence France Presse -- English
August 7, 2006 Monday 3:04 AM GMT


Copyright 2006 Agence France Presse All Rights Reserved


Length: 750 words
Byline: Jean-Louis Santini
Dateline: WASHINGTON, Aug 7 2006
Body


The US gay community won credit on the run-up to a UN AIDS conference for mobilizing against a virus that decimated its ranks in the 1980s and for raising society's awareness as well as state funding for research.
"What the gay movement in the US did was to galvanize people around an issue," Achmat Dangor, director for advocacy and leadership at the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), told AFP.
"Paradoxically, it started off an anti-discrimination fight, to say 'this is not a gay disease, it's everybody's problem,' and that is probably the most important" thing, he said ahead of the 16th International AIDS Conference to be held August 13-18 in Toronto.
The gay community began to live out "its worst nightmare" in June 1981 when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention detected the first cases of AIDS in four gay men, said Craig Thompson, executive director of AIDS Project Los Angeles.
That AIDS was first detected among gays and spread within that community not only stigmatized sufferers but also forced America to face uncomfortable questions about sexuality, Thompson said.
"If you think of America, which is a sort of puritanical, Victorian society, AIDS forced America to confront a lot of issues around sex and drug use," said Thompson, who tested positive for HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, in 1983.
"And this was even more challenging because not only were the first cases identified among gay men, but the epidemic throughout the 80's continued to be primarily an epidemic among gay men with a smaller epidemic developing among drug-using homosexuals," Thompson said.
After a period of panic and denial, right-wing Americans sought to ban gays from teaching in California schools and even called for a quarantine of the community.
Some proposed public bathrooms for AIDS victims.
This prompted the community not only to come out in support of a battle to win government funding to fight the disease, but also to win broader rights and acceptance of the US gay and lesbian community in society as a whole.
"Suddenly the gay community, even if they didn't see AIDS before as a health threat for them, saw for the first time that the right was going to use it as a threat to their civil liberty, their right to employment," Thompson said.
"We were going to discriminate against people based on the fact that they were gay, not because they were a carrier of AIDS," he said.
Then came the explosion in mortality figures. In June 1982, recorded AIDS deaths stood at 184.
The figure reached 7,699 at the end of 1984 and 20,849 in June 1988, the majority of the deaths recorded among gays and bisexuals, according to official statistics.
This in part forced a conservative country to take a more sympathetic look at a community that had largely been ostracized, Thompson said.
"Even people who weren't particularly sympathetic to gay rights were sympathetic to the actual physical destruction of a human being caught by AIDS," he said.
"It was very personal, very obvious: young people in their 20s and 30s, in the height of their life."
In 1985, Hollywood also brought home the disease with the death from AIDS at the age of 60 of Rock Hudson -- a legendary US sex symbol who never acknowledged being gay.
Superstar actress Liz Taylor went to Congress to lobby for federal financing for AIDS research and prevention.
The same era saw the birth of ACT UP -- an energetic and at times militant AIDS prevention group that spread across the country on private donations and local community support.
Seeking media attention, ACT UP interrupted trading on the floor of Wall Street and mobilized a massive protest outside the White House in October 1987.
This was soon followed by a demonstration outside the Capitol where the first colorful quilts from across the nation featuring names of the dead were stitched together into one giant list for the country to see.
One of ACT UP's most powerful slogans was also its most simple: "Silence = Death."
Politicians from major cities that were hit most such as New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco, joined public appeals from Congress to act.
But the tipping point came in the case of Ryan White -- a teenage hemophiliac from a rural community in the Midwestern state of Indiana who became infected with HIV during a blood transfusion and was then barred from attending school.
His case was carried to Congress, which in 1991 adopted a law in the teenager's name that provided the first federal resources for AIDS victims and research.
js/zak/kd 

Load-Date: August 7, 2006


End of Document
SoCal AIDS awareness campaign calls HIV a "gay disease"



SoCal AIDS awareness campaign calls HIV a "gay disease"
The Associated Press State & Local Wire
September 30, 2006 Saturday 9:47 AM GMT


Copyright 2006 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: STATE AND REGIONAL
Length: 383 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES 
Body


One of Southern California's most influential gay institutions has launched a controversial ad campaign that describes HIV as a "gay disease."
The L.A. Gay & Lesbian Center's departure from 20 years of countering the idea of AIDS as a gay plague is designed to reach gay men who have grown complacent about the illness.
The message "HIV is a gay disease" and the tag line "Own It. End It" will appear on billboards and in magazines.
The amount of attention from AIDS awareness groups paid on minority women and others has left gay men who still represent most of those infected in the U.S. and Western Europe feeling a false sense of security, proponents of the campaign said.
"A very alarming silence has descended over our community with regard to HIV and AIDS," said Lorri L. Jean, chief executive of the Gay & Lesbian Center. "We believe that most people in our community do not understand the degree to which this epidemic continues to be in Los Angeles largely an epidemic among gay and bisexual men."
Apathy about AIDS among gay men is a serious problem on the West Coast, where most HIV transmission is among men having sex with other men, public health officials said.
The ads, however, have drawn criticism from some, who worry the campaign could further stigmatize the disease and make heterosexual men and women less likely to seek treatment.
"I applaud the desire to have more personal responsibility in the gay community, but this is not the way to achieve it," said Michael Weinstein, head of the Los Angeles-based AIDS Healthcare Foundation. "AIDS is not a gay disease. It's not an African American disease. It's not a Latino disease. It is a disease of the immune system."
In Los Angeles County, about 75 percent of HIV cases are among men who have had sex with other men. But nationwide, gay and bisexual men account for about half of recent HIV transmission, according to the national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
Activist Cynthia Davis said the Gay & Lesbian Center's campaign could erase years of progress in erasing the stigma of AIDS among blacks, a community that is skittish about homosexuality and at high risk for the disease.
"This is ludicrous. It's ridiculous," Davis said. "It's going backward."
Information from: Los Angeles Times, http://www.latimes.com

Load-Date: October 1, 2006


End of Document
New AIDS nightmare looms for gay men: study



New AIDS nightmare looms for gay men: study
Agence France Presse -- English
August 18, 2006 Friday 3:47 AM GMT


Copyright 2006 Agence France Presse All Rights Reserved


Length: 463 words
Dateline: TORONTO, Aug 17 2006
Body


The gay community in the western world, mauled by the first wave of the AIDS pandemic, now faces a second storm, according to a forecast released at the International AIDS conference Thursday.
Since 2001, new cases of HIV in the homosexual population in the United States, Europe, Canada and Australasia have been rising by about 1.9 percent per year, the research by the University of Pittsburgh said.
Without action to correct this trend -- a return to safe sex or an unexpected medical breakthrough -- the infection rate is set to soar as the population ages.
In 2001, HIV affected on average roughly one in 12 gay 20-year-olds in these countries. By the time they are 30, researchers projected, the rate could rise to one in four. And by the time this group reaches 60, 58 percent could be infected.
Ensuing generations are also at threat, said the study, which was a review of papers in published journals.
"Ongoing incidence rates at this level will yield very high HIV prevalence rates within each generation of gay men," University of Pittsburgh researcher Ron Stall said.
Stall was especially alarmed by the explosion in HIV infections among African-American gays.
In this group, the rate of new infections today is four percent among those between 15 and 22 years of age -- but 15 percent among those aged 23-29.
Assuming an average rate of increase of four percent of new infections per year, three-quarters of individuals in the 23-29 group will be HIV-positive when they reach the age of 50.
"It's not a new story, it has been repeated time and again in the literature in the past... an almost unbelievable incidence rate," Stall said.
"African-American men who have sex with men suffer among the highest HIV prevalence rates of any risk group in the world."
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) also warned of a daunting rise in the rate of gays contracting HIV in 35 US states.
Ronald Valdiserri, deputy director of the CDC's National Center for HIV, said the surge in infections among gay men could partly be explained by the growing use of methamphetamines, a drug that enhances sexual appetites and can drive users into risky sex.
He also pointed to what he called "AIDS burnout" -- complacency about the risks from AIDS in the era of antiretroviral drugs, which keep HIV to a manageable level but are not a cure and carry major side-effects.
"We have a new generation of gay men who didn't go through the early years, who didn't see neighbourhoods dying," said Valdiserri.
"HIV is still an incurable disease. In the United States five percent (of the budget for HIV) is spent on prevention," he added.
"America is more interested on treating this disease than preventing it. We can't treat our way out of this epidemic, even as a rich country."
cho-col/ri/ksb

Load-Date: August 18, 2006


End of Document
Gay Republican Will Run White House AIDS Office



Gay Republican Will Run White House AIDS Office 
 The New York Times
April 9, 2001 Monday
 Late Edition - Final 


Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company
Section: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 13
Length: 1013 words
Byline:  By ELIZABETH BECKER 
Dateline: WASHINGTON, April 8  
Body


Scott Evertz, a leader among gay Republicans in Wisconsin, will be named director of the White House Office of National AIDS Policy, senior White House officials said today.
     Members of gay groups said it was the first time an openly gay man or a lesbian had been chosen for appointment by any Republican administration. But the White House officials, even as they disclosed a step that seemed intended to appeal to gay voters, refused to discuss Mr. Evertz's sexuality or its significance in either politics or policy, saying that Mr. Bush did not take such concerns into account when making appointments. 
 Mr. Evertz, a 38-year-old AIDS policy organizer who is the head of the Wisconsin Log Cabin Republicans and has political ties to Tommy G. Thompson, the former Wisconsin governor who is now secretary of health and human services, will take over the office as its role expands to coordinate all domestic and international H.I.V./AIDS policy, a senior official said.
"The president wants to increase the focus on the international aspects of the disease and we believe we have chosen the right director for the office," the official said.
Mr. Evertz, a Roman Catholic who has been a fund-raiser for the Wisconsin Right to Life anti-abortion group and for a Catholic AIDS ministry, said in an interview today that he was pleased to be the first openly gay appointee in a Republican administration. 
"What I appreciate is that the president has said he is appointing people who are qualified and share his philosophy," Mr. Evertz said. "I haven't been treated like a token."
Mr. Evertz, who was one of a dozen gay Republicans who drew attention by meeting with Mr. Bush in Austin, Tex., during the campaign last year, will head an office that the new administration once signaled it might close. That suggestion was quickly reversed when it caused an outcry among gays and public health advocates.
Instead, the White House seems with this appointment and other steps to emphasize the importance of the fight against AIDS. For example, it is keeping in place the Clinton administration's policy to help poor countries obtain drugs to treat the disease.
"This appointment is a very good sign on all levels," said Richard Tafel, executive director of the national Log Cabin Republicans, the party's leading gay and lesbian advocacy group. "AIDS is a very powerful issue in the gay community, and to have an openly gay official chosen on his merit means we shouldn't have to be afraid and closeted for who we are."
Gay Republicans said they saw the appointment of Mr. Evertz, which is expected to be announced as early as Monday, as a vindication of their approach of working within their party rather than fighting it.
When Mr. Bush won the White House, some gay advocates expressed alarm that he would undermine steps taken by Bill Clinton, who was the first president to appoint openly gay and lesbian officials, naming more than 150 in his eight years in office. Mr. Clinton also issued executive orders explicitly prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation in federal hiring practices and in granting government security clearances. 
The Bush administration has quietly left those orders in force even as it has moved assertively to review many other policies of the Clinton administration.
In his new position, Mr. Evertz will sit on the president's domestic policy board to coordinate AIDS policy and will join a new task force headed by Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and Mr. Thompson to coordinate the fight against AIDS here and abroad.
A native of Washington, Mr. Evertz moved to Wisconsin to study at Marquette University and stayed on, volunteering in 1986 for Mr. Thompson's campaign for governor. He joined the Wisconsin chapter of Log Cabin Republicans, and in 1994 he ran unsuccessfully for the State Legislature, inciting comment as an openly gay candidate.
Throughout his professional career he has been a fund-raiser for nonprofit organizations, working for the anti-abortion group, and the Order of St. Camillus, a Catholic health care order of priests and brothers with an AIDS ministry. He currently works for a Lutheran foundation for the aging.
As a volunteer, he worked with Governor Thompson on legislation to allow hospital visiting rights for gay and lesbian partners and raised money for clinics in Wisconsin for people living with AIDS and for a mission hospital in Kenya.
Last year he was one of a dozen gay Republicans selected to meet with Mr. Bush after the Texas governor was assured the nomination, and he worked with Mr. Thompson on the party platform's AIDS plank.
"When I first met Mr. Bush he wanted to hear all of our stories," Mr. Evertz recalled today, "so I told him that the 18-year-old daughter of my partner had just voted for him in the primary, and he seemed pleased and took a note of it."
Officials said that along with the announcement of Mr. Evertz's appointment they will describe the new joint task force on AIDS that will include not only Secretary Powell, but also the president's national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, and his domestic policy adviser, Margaret La Montagne.
Mr. Evertz will also sit on the president's domestic policy council alongside other senior advisers. 
Mr. Evertz said he saw two strikingly different challenges for domestic and international policy.
New drugs that have made it possible for people to live with H.I.V. and AIDS have also brought about a complacency that has hurt minorities, he said.
"Communities of color continue to be disproportionately affected with H.I.V. and AIDS, and that requires developing strategies to prevent the disease and to reach out to those affected with it," he said.
Overseas, he said, the AIDS epidemic requires more than a passive policy of simply handing over the new drugs to help people live with H.I.V.
"The challenges are enormous, particularly as we look to the continent of Africa," he said. "We need to offer the best and brightest from this country as we pass off what we've learned when it comes to assisting folks in adhering to these regimens."
http://www.nytimes.com

Graphic

 
Photo: Scott Evertz will be named director of the White House Office of National AIDS Policy. (Log Cabin Republicans)      

Load-Date: April 9, 2001


End of Document
Bush names gay man to head AIDS office



Bush names gay man to head AIDS office
The Associated Press State & Local Wire
April 9, 2001, Monday, BC cycle


Copyright 2001 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: State and Regional; Washington Dateline
Length: 652 words
Byline: By SONYA ROSS, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


President Bush has chosen an openly gay Wisconsin man to direct his administration's policies on AIDS, the White House announced Monday.
Bush selected Scott Evertz to head the new Office of National AIDS Policy, said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer. Evertz, leader of the Log Cabin Republicans in Wisconsin, is the first openly gay person nominated to an executive branch office by a Republican president.
"The president picks the best people for their jobs, regardless of what their backgrounds may or may not be, and that is why he has chosen Scott," Fleischer said. "The president respects him. He will be welcome at this White House."
Evertz is a political ally of Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson, former governor of Wisconsin, president of Log Cabin Republicans of Wisconsin and director of resource development for the United Lutheran Program for the Aging in Milwaukee.
Darren Kittleson, first vice president of Log Cabin Republicans of Wisconsin, said Evertz, 38, is passionate about AIDS education and patient care.
"Scott is a gay man but that is not the top priority," Kittleson said. "He brings a strong sense of commitment towards a cure and for those who are HIV positive or have AIDS, that they have adequate care."
Kittleson added, "He is very much a conservative in so many ways. He also has a lot of experience working with AIDS organizations. … I can't think of anyone better for that position and I have known Scott since 1992."
According to Kittleson, Evertz traveled to San Francisco last weekend to visit the daughter of his partner, whom he helped raise, and had not returned to Wisconsin by Monday afternoon.
Evertz did not immediately return telephone messages left at his Milwaukee office and at his home in Maple Bluff, Wis.
Darrin Schmitz, executive director of the Wisconsin Republican Party, said Evertz was among the team leaders for the Bush presidential campaign in Wisconsin last fall. "He certainly demonstrated his leadership abilities and his commitment to get things done," Schmitz said. "He certainly stood out as someone willing to go the extra mile."
The Human Rights Campaign, the country's largest gay political group, praised Evertz' appointment even while it criticized as inadequate the $1.8 billion allotment for AIDS programs in Bush's fiscal 2002 budget proposal.
"We applaud President Bush for this appointment," said Winnie Stachelberg, the group's political director. She also noted that Thompson had expressed a desire to be "personally and directly involved" in AIDS prevention efforts.
"This appointment is further evidence of his commitment," Stachelberg said. "With Evertz in place, we can now look ahead and focus on the myriad difficult issues that confront us."
Bush has faced criticism about his commitment to fighting AIDS, most recently when word surfaced that he would not seek increases for certain programs that address the disease. The White House sought to blunt those criticisms Monday by announcing that Thompson and Secretary of State Colin Powell will head a task force, created by President Clinton, that focuses on fighting AIDS in other countries.
Bush has raised the AIDS scourge in Africa during his meetings with foreign leaders, Fleischer said, as well as with members of Congress. "It's on the president's mind, and it's something that he wants to combat," Fleischer said.
The White House said its new AIDS office will operate through a key domestic policy team and two Cabinet agencies. Evertz will be a member of the White House Domestic Policy Council, and his office will include one staff member from the State Department and another from the Department of Health and Human Services.
On the Net:
Office of National AIDS Policy: http://www.whitehouse.gov/onap/ 
Human Rights Campaign: http://www.hrc.org/ 
Log Cabin Republicans: http://www.lcr.org/ 

Load-Date: April 10, 2001


End of Document
AIDS escalates among young gay men in 20s



AIDS escalates among young gay men in 20s
Edmonton Journal (Alberta)
June 1, 2001 Friday Final Edition


Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications Corp. All Rights Reserved
Section: World; Pg. A11; Statistics
Length: 389 words
Dateline: Washington
Body

On the eve of the 20th anniversary of the first reported cases of AIDS, federal health officials released disturbing new evidence Thursday that the rate of infections may be rising in a second generation of young gay men who were not even out of childhood when the epidemic began.
In a study of six cities the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found a 4.4 per cent annual rate of new infections in gay men ages 23 to 29, a sign that downward trends may be reversing.
During the height of the epidemic in the early 1980s, infection rates among gay men skyrocketed to as high as 20 per cent but then dropped in the ensuing years to as low as 2 per cent by 1985 and remained stable until recently, thanks in part to the mobilization efforts of the gay community to educate their own.
Los Angeles Times
But the latest findings indicate a new wave of increasing infections among gay men. Of every 100 gay men uninfected at the beginning of the year, four will be infected by year's end, if the statistics hold.
Even more alarming, black gay men had a 14.7 per cent rate, compared to 3.5 per cent among Latino gay men and 2.5 per cent for white gays.
"We are damned by our own successes," said Phill Wilson, director of the African-American AIDS Policy and Training Institute in Los Angeles.
"People don't perceive that you get infected, and die within two months. All these posters that say you can climb mountains with AIDS. People feel it isn't too bad -- until they get infected."
Experts say many young gay men have become complacent, a result of powerful new drugs that are keeping AIDS-infected individuals alive longer and "they don't see the dying -- the same fear -- as 20 years ago," said Dr. Martha Rogers, a CDC official who has tracked the epidemic since its start.
"These people have the sense that it's not so bad to have HIV -- they were babies 20 years ago."
The new findings were released by CDC to mark the beginning of the third decade of the epidemic.
Since the first cluster of cases was reported June 5, 1981, among gays in Los Angeles and New York, a total of 774,467 Americans have been diagnosed with AIDS, and 450,000 have died. Almost 22 million people worldwide have died.
The first CDC report 20 years ago noted a mysterious outbreak of illness among gay men in Los Angeles and New York.

Load-Date: March 27, 2002


End of Document
Amid mixed emotions, AIDS quilt leaves "gay capital"



Amid mixed emotions, AIDS quilt leaves "gay capital"  
The Associated Press State & Local Wire
March 30, 2001, Friday, BC cycle


Copyright 2001 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: State and Regional
Length: 619 words
Byline: By MARGIE MASON, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Here in the city where so many have died from what at first was known as "the gay disease," some say the move of the AIDS Memorial Quilt to Atlanta is like another loss in their family.
But the quilt's founder says it can be a stronger force for change in the South, since infections among blacks are rising sharply.
"The power of the quilt is not limited to serving the gay community," said Cleve Jones, who stitched the first panel in 1987 to remember his best friend.
More than 40,000 quilt panels are dedicated to 80,000 people who have died from AIDS. In a farewell ceremony Friday, the final 12-foot-by-12-foot section will be folded and sent to Atlanta. The NAMES Project Foundation, keeper of the quilt, is moving its offices to Washington.
And while the move is a happy event for those accepting it in Atlanta, many here say the 54-ton canvas is a a symbol that belongs in its birthplace.
"I think it's better for me not to be there, because I would just cry my eyes out," said Felicia Elizondo, an HIV-positive transgender woman who has sewn nearly 60 panels since 1988. "It's just like any unfolding of the AIDS Memorial Quilt, it's sad. It's all those people who have died. I think my heart would just fall to the ground if I saw the last panel leaving."
But it has a purpose in going to Atlanta: Although HIV infection numbers are again rising in gay communities nationwide, the disease also is striking other groups.
"The epidemic has really changed and grown to African American and Hispanic communities," Jones said.
The quilt's power in educating and preventing new infections should follow that shift, despite the memorial's long history in San Francisco, Jones said.
"At this point, I think strategy is more important than sentiment," he added.
Those receiving it at its new home in Atlanta agree.
"Here in the South, we feel that the church is a perfect vehicle for reaching the young black community. The quilt is a safe way of getting the message into that community," said Chris Parsons, acting deputy director of AID Atlanta Inc., the largest AIDS service organization in the Southeast. "I hope that we can do San Francisco proudly by handling it as well as you did out there. We're honored that Atlanta was chosen."
The idea for the quilt originated when Jones attended a 1985 candlelight memorial march for former San Francisco Mayor George Moscone and openly gay supervisor Harvey Milk. The two politicians were gunned down by former supervisor Dan White in 1978.
AIDS was beginning to take its toll on the city's gay population and Jones felt the need to keep their memories alive. The newspapers were brimming with obituaries of AIDS victims.
"I knew almost every one of them. They were friends. They were neighbors," Jones said.
He handed out cardboard squares and felt-tip markers to those in attendance at the memorial, urging them to jot down something about a loved one lost to AIDS. The crowd responded, and then pasted the cardboard panels on a downtown health services building, covering the outer wall with their words and drawings.
Jones mentioned to a friend that the panels looked like a quilt - and the memorial movement was born.
The complete quilt has been shown across the nation. In one corner of the last section to leave Friday was a likeness of Pedro Zamora, the young man who appeared on MTV's "The Real World" before dying of AIDS in 1994.
Jones said the quilt is symbolic of struggles facing all people in the world dealing with the AIDS crisis, gay or straight.
"The power of the quilt is not limited to serving the gay community," Jones said.
In Atlanta, the quilt will be housed in a secure, climate-controlled warehouse in the Inman Park community.
---
On the Net:
www.aidsquilt.org 

Graphic

 
AP Photos CAER101-102

Load-Date: March 31, 2001


End of Document
GAY REPUBLICAN WILL RUN WHITE HOUSE AIDS OFFICE



GAY REPUBLICAN WILL RUN WHITE HOUSE AIDS OFFICE
Presidential Campaign Press Materials
April 9, 2001


Copyright 2001 FDCHeMedia, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Section: PRESS RELEASE
Length: 1015 words
Byline: LOG CABIN REPUBLICANS
Body


WASHINGTON, April 8 - Scott Evertz, a leader among gay Republicans in Wisconsin, will be named director of the White House Office of National AIDS Policy, senior White House officials said today.
Members of gay groups said it was the first time an openly gay man or a lesbian had been chosen for appointment by any Republican administration. But the White House officials, even as they disclosed a step that seemed intended to appeal to gay voters, refused to discuss Mr. Evertz's sexuality or its significance in either politics or policy, saying that Mr. Bush did not take such concerns into account when making appointments.
Mr. Evertz, a 38-year-old AIDS policy organizer who is the head of the Wisconsin Log Cabin Republicans and has political ties to Tommy G. Thompson, the former Wisconsin governor who is now secretary of health and human services, will take over the office as its role expands to coordinate all domestic and international H.I.V./AIDS policy, a senior official said.
"The president wants to increase the focus on the international aspects of the disease and we believe we have chosen the right director for the office," the official said.
Mr. Evertz, a Roman Catholic who has been a fund-raiser for the Wisconsin Right to Life anti-abortion group and for a Catholic AIDS ministry, said in an interview today that he was pleased to be the first openly gay appointee in a Republican administration.
"What I appreciate is that the president has said he is appointing people who are qualified and share his philosophy," Mr. Evertz said. "I haven't been treated like a token."
Mr. Evertz, who was one of a dozen gay Republicans who drew attention by meeting with Mr. Bush in Austin, Tex., during the campaign last year, will head an office that the new administration once signaled it might close. That suggestion was quickly reversed when it caused an outcry among gays and public health advocates.
Instead, the White House seems with this appointment and other steps to emphasize the importance of the fight against AIDS. For example, it is keeping in place the Clinton administration's policy to help poor countries obtain drugs to treat the disease.
"This appointment is a very good sign on all levels," said Richard Tafel, executive director of the national Log Cabin Republicans, the party's leading gay and lesbian advocacy group. "AIDS is a very powerful issue in the gay community, and to have an openly gay official chosen on his merit means we shouldn't have to be afraid and closeted for who we are."
Gay Republicans said they saw the appointment of Mr. Evertz, which is expected to be announced as early as Monday, as a vindication of their approach of working within their party rather than fighting it.
When Mr. Bush won the White House, some gay advocates expressed alarm that he would undermine steps taken by Bill Clinton, who was the first president to appoint openly gay and lesbian officials, naming more than 150 in his eight years in office. Mr. Clinton also issued executive orders explicitly prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation in federal hiring practices and in granting government security clearances.
The Bush administration has quietly left those orders in force even as it has moved assertively to review many other policies of the Clinton administration.
In his new position, Mr. Evertz will sit on the president's domestic policy board to coordinate AIDS policy and will join a new task force headed by Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and Mr. Thompson to coordinate the fight against AIDS here and abroad.
A native of Washington, Mr. Evertz moved to Wisconsin to study at Marquette University and stayed on, volunteering in 1986 for Mr. Thompson's campaign for governor. He joined the Wisconsin chapter of Log Cabin Republicans, and in 1994 he ran unsuccessfully for the State Legislature, inciting comment as an openly gay candidate.
Throughout his professional career he has been a fund-raiser for nonprofit organizations, working for the anti-abortion group, and the Order of St. Camillus, a Catholic health care order of priests and brothers with an AIDS ministry. He currently works for a Lutheran foundation for the aging.
As a volunteer, he worked with Governor Thompson on legislation to allow hospital visiting rights for gay and lesbian partners and raised money for clinics in Wisconsin for people living with AIDS and for a mission hospital in Kenya.
Last year he was one of a dozen gay Republicans selected to meet with Mr. Bush after the Texas governor was assured the nomination, and he worked with Mr. Thompson on the party platform's AIDS plank.
"When I first met Mr. Bush he wanted to hear all of our stories," Mr. Evertz recalled today, "so I told him that the 18- year-old daughter of my partner had just voted for him in the primary, and he seemed pleased and took a note of it."
Officials said that along with the announcement of Mr. Evertz's appointment they will describe the new joint task force on AIDS that will include not only Secretary Powell, but also the president's national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, and his domestic policy adviser, Margaret La Montagne.
Mr. Evertz will also sit on the president's domestic policy council alongside other senior advisers.
Mr. Evertz said he saw two strikingly different challenges for domestic and international policy.
New drugs that have made it possible for people to live with H.I.V. and AIDS have also brought about a complacency that has hurt minorities, he said.
"Communities of color continue to be disproportionately affected with H.I.V.  and AIDS, and that requires developing strategies to prevent the disease and to reach out to those affected with it," he said.
Overseas, he said, the AIDS epidemic requires more than a passive policy of simply handing over the new drugs to help people live with H.I.V.
"The challenges are enormous, particularly as we look to the continent of Africa," he said. "We need to offer the best and brightest from this country as we pass off what we've learned when it comes to assisting folks in adhering to these regimens."
KEVIN IVERS 202-347-5306 X12

Load-Date: April 12, 2001


End of Document
Gay health summit covers more than AIDS



Gay health summit covers more than AIDS
Deseret News (Salt Lake City)
September 15, 2002, Sunday


Copyright 2002 The Deseret News Publishing Co.
Section: LOCAL;
Length: 405 words
Byline: By Brett Larsen Deseret News staff writer
Body


Participants in the Gay Men's Health Summit in Salt Lake this weekend discussed a variety of topics affecting gays, like coming out and exploring one's sexuality, but that's not all.
Much of the talk has centered around nutrition, physical health and overcoming stress.
"These are things that will help anybody," summit organizer David Ferguson said about the gathering's nutrition and health workshops, adding that in the past most of the focus of gay health conferences was on HIV and AIDS.
"For years, people equated being healthy or unhealthy with being HIV positive or negative," he said. "It became more useful to expand the conversation beyond HIV."
Ferguson, a program director at the Utah AIDS Foundation, was one of a small group of Utahns who attended the first national gay men's health conference in Colorado in 1999. He helped organize Utah's inaugural gay health summit in 2001.
This year's event started Friday evening at the Salt Lake Wyndham Hotel and wraps up there today. The theme for the gathering is invenio, a Latin word meaning to find, meet with, discover or devise. The conference is broken up into several workshops, each one dealing with a different issue. Each class is lead by a different presenter, in some cases a doctor or a lawyer, and participants are free to discuss any questions they have.
"It's a whole different kind of venue for gay men," said Centerville resident Clayton Vetter. "Events don't always give everybody a voice. This one does."
The conference also has given homosexuals in Utah a chance to make new friends and develop a support network.
"Meetings like this are vital to making connections with others," said Frank Evans, a pastor at the Holladay United Church of Christ. He talked of how lonely he felt during his own coming-out process, and that he hopes events like this will cultivate "a philosophy of connecting and belonging."
Vetter said that when the conference ends, he'd like to go home with a sense of personal growth. "It sounds so corny, but I want to feel that I'm being a better person," he said. For Ferguson, the mission is to inspire people to live better.
"We're encouraging folks to play offense with their lives," he said. "If we as human beings, gay, straight or whatever, start taking better care of ourselves, from an overall perspective, then it just follows logically that decisions protecting us from HIV would be more informed."
E-mail: blarsen@desnews.com  

Load-Date: September 15, 2002


End of Document
Bush names gay man to head AIDS office



Bush names gay man to head AIDS office
April 9, 2001, Monday, BC cycle


Copyright 2001 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved  The Associated Press
Section: Washington Dateline
Length: 413 words
Byline: By SONYA ROSS, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


President Bush has chosen an openly gay Wisconsin man to direct his administration's policies on AIDS, the White House announced Monday.
Bush selected Scott Evertz to head the new Office of National AIDS Policy, said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer. Evertz, leader of the Log Cabin Republicans in Wisconsin, is the first openly gay person nominated to an executive branch office by a Republican president.
"The president picks the best people for their jobs, regardless of what their backgrounds may or may not be, and that is why he has chosen Scott," Fleischer said. "The president respects him. He will be welcome at this White House."
Evertz is a political ally of Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson, former governor of Wisconsin.
The Human Rights Campaign, the country's largest gay political group, praised Evertz' appointment even while it criticized as inadequate the $1.8 billion allotment for AIDS programs in Bush's fiscal 2002 budget proposal.
"We applaud President Bush for this appointment," said Winnie Stachelberg, the group's political director. She also noted that Thompson had expressed a desire to be "personally and directly involved" in AIDS prevention efforts.
"This appointment is further evidence of his commitment," Stachelberg said. "With Evertz in place, we can now look ahead and focus on the myriad difficult issues that confront us."
Bush has faced criticism about his commitment to fighting AIDS, most recently when word surfaced that he would not seek increases for certain programs that address the disease. The White House sought to blunt those criticisms Monday by announcing that Thompson and Secretary of State Colin Powell will head a task force, created by President Clinton, that focuses on fighting AIDS in other countries.
Bush has raised the AIDS scourge in Africa during his meetings with foreign leaders, Fleischer said, as well as with members of Congress. "It's on the president's mind, and it's something that he wants to combat," Fleischer said.
The White House said its new AIDS office will operate through a key domestic policy team and two Cabinet agencies. Evertz will be a member of the White House Domestic Policy Council, and his office will include one staff member from the State Department and another from the Department of Health and Human Services.
On the Net:
Office of National AIDS Policy: http://www.whitehouse.gov/onap/ 
Human Rights Campaign: http://www.hrc.org/ 
Log Cabin Republicans: http://www.lcr.org/ 

Load-Date: April 10, 2001


End of Document
South Africa ; Gays Neglected in HIV/Aids Campaigns



South Africa;
Gays Neglected in HIV/Aids Campaigns
Africa News
September 16, 2004 Thursday


Copyright 2004 AllAfrica, Inc.
Length: 805 words
Byline: UN Integrated Regional Information Networks
Body


South Africa's homosexuals are finding themselves excluded from safe sex campaigns, despite evidence of rising prevalence rates in the gay community.
According to research presented at a recently held first African Congress on Sexual Health and Rights, anti-AIDS programmes solely targeted heterosexuals, leaving gay men and lesbians at greater risk of contracting HIV.
"The South African government has done absolutely nothing around safer sex education specifically for gay and lesbian people. The entire onus has been shifted to NGOs, and that sector is not capable of coping with such an unfair burden," Evert Knoesen, director of the Lesbian and Gay Equality Project, told PlusNews.
While admitting that current safer sex campaigns focused on heterosexual HIV transmission, the Ministry of Health said it also accommodated gays and lesbians.
"We have taken a multisectoral approach on the issue by urging greater involvement from groups addressing the needs of homosexuals and disabled people. While some groups have presented proposals to us, the Lesbian and Gay Equality Project has made little effort," said health ministry spokesman, Sibani Mngadi.
Knoesen countered that it was "not the responsibility of NGO's to set policies on HIV/AIDS", but acknowledged the lack of action from gay men and women.
"Although there is no justification for government's failure to deliver, there is a great deal more that we, as gay and lesbian people, can do that's not being done."
Knoesen noted that night clubs and sex-on-site venues, where drugs were easily accessible, also contributed to risky sexual behaviour and fuelled the spread of HIV.
"Club owners are pretending that drugs are not being used in their establishments, and this applies to both heterosexual and gay venues. These club owners also pretend that people are not engaging in risky sex practices at the venues and make no effort to provide condoms," he said.
Knoesen added that while club owners benefited financially from the drug trade on their premises, it was unethical, criminal and negligent for them not to take the necessary precautions to protect their patrons.
On a recent visit to a popular gay nightclub in Johannesburg, PlusNews observed the free flow of narcotics and on-site-sex, but no condom vending machines.
One club-goer revealed that ecstasy pills cost around US $13 each, while cocaine and Kat would set a buyer back just over $61 per gram.
Research has shown that use of the stimulant, Kat, is rising. This is not the traditional leaf chewed by the people of eastern Africa and parts of the Arabian peninsula, but a synthetic powder, often compared by users to "crystal meths" or cocaine.
Supplied in small quantities in plastic bags called 'snatches', Kat produces feelings of euphoria, heightened awareness, increased confidence, alertness, energy and sexual stimulation.
An easily accessible labyrinth of "darkrooms" - otherwise know as "chill areas" - on the upper level of the club catered to the sexual needs of many patrons. Besides the lack of condoms, there was also an absence of information on HIV and AIDS.
Lucian (name changed), a gay HIV-positive foreign national, was "appalled" at the lack of HIV/AIDS education in South Africa, even after a recently implemented national antiretroviral drug rollout.
"Governments in developed countries have made the disease a manageable illness, whereas the huge lack of political will and AIDS information in South Africa has fuelled the stigma experienced mainly by poor, black and gay people," he said.
He accused the government of "exhausting" the excuse that South Africa was a developing nation, pointing out that other, less fortunate countries were making strides in tackling the pandemic.
"But while some African countries, like Uganda, have commendable anti-AIDS campaigns and were able to record dramatic reductions in prevalence rates, very little was heard about the impact of the virus on homosexuals."
He noted the silence was all the more deafening in South Africa, with its liberal constitution and even more liberal gay social life.
"For whatever reason, political or otherwise, the subject of men who have sex with men is still very taboo." In order for the issue of risky gay sexual behaviour to be properly addressed, efforts would also have to made to control the flow of drugs in gay venues, he said.
"Most establishments cater for on-site sexual encounters, and with the free flow of drugs, inhibitions are lowered, and the chances of contracting HIV are increased," Lucian added.
"Until the South African government and club owners actually take the initiative, it is entirely up to the gay community to protect themselves against HIV by making use of whatever available protection there is," he concluded.

Load-Date: September 16, 2004


End of Document
Gay men's health summit looks beyond AIDS



Gay men's health summit looks beyond AIDS
The Associated Press State & Local Wire
October 20, 2003, Monday, BC cycle


Copyright 2003 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: State and Regional
Length: 312 words
Dateline: SALT LAKE CITY
Body


For so long, discussing the health of gay men meant one topic: AIDS.
That was not the case during a summit last weekend on gay men's health issues, sponsored by the Utah AIDS Foundation, Planned Parenthood and members of the gay community.
The goal was "to expand the notion of gay men's health beyond HIV," one of the coordinators, David Ferguson, said.
"For about 20 years, gay men's health has been equated with a person's HIV status. We're not minimizing HIV, but gay men deal with lots of issues: relationships, spirituality, substance abuse," he said.
About 160 people attended the summit, up from 100 over the past two years.
Topics addressed by speakers included aging and HIV, fitness, substance abuse, sex in public places, self-hypnosis and relationships.
Kristen Ries, an infectious disease physician at the University of Utah Health Sciences Center, touched on other health issues that affect homosexuals during her keynote address.
Gay men, for example, use drugs, alcohol and tobacco at a higher rate than the general population and also have a higher incidence of anxiety, suicide and depression.
"I understand how that comes about when you think about their childhood," Ries said in regard to the difficulty of coming out and dealing with homophobia.
The summit was meant to address the total man, and HIV was not ignored.
Ries said she is deeply concerned about the increase of HIV-positive gay men.
In 2002, 151 men tested positive for HIV at the clinic. This year, the same number of men tested positive by the end of July.
According to the Utah Department of Health, about 1,780 people were living with HIV or AIDS in Utah, as of 2001.
"Young people think there's a cure," Ries said. "And believe it or not, some people haven't heard about it 1/8HIV 3/8. It's a sad situation that's going on across the country."

Load-Date: October 21, 2003


End of Document
CDC urges annual AIDS test for gays



CDC urges annual AIDS test for gays
Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)
May 10, 2002, Friday


Copyright 2002 Charleston Newspapers
Section: News; Pg. P10C
Length: 458 words
Byline: Erin McClam The Associated Press
Body


ATLANTA - Hoping to head off a new surge of infections, the government recommended for the first time Thursday that sexually active gay and bisexual men get tested at least once a year for the AIDS virus and other diseases.
Previous guidelines from federal health officials have been less specific, urging doctors to recommend HIV tests for patients whose behavior might put them at risk for infection.
But studies conducted in the past few years have shown that gay and bisexual men, possibly lulled into complacency by medical breakthroughs that have allowed AIDS patients to live longer, are having more unprotected sex.
Rates of syphilis and gonorrhea are up among gay and bisexual men in many U.S. cities, and health officials worry those diseases signal a coming spike in HIV and AIDS rates.
The new guidelines, released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, recommend annual screening for HIV, chlamydia, syphilis and gonorrhea for gay and bisexual men - plus vaccination against hepatitis A and B. The CDC said some men in high-risk groups may need to be screened more often.
"There has been an increase in awareness of the level of risk behavior of men who have sex with men," said the CDC's Dr. Stuart Berman. "There really haven't been recommendations before."
The guidelines also urge doctors to ask their male patients about the gender of their sex partners - a question CDC experts say doctors are sometimes hesitant to ask.
"It's important for them to provide educational messages about what's important in terms of safe-sex behavior," said lead author Dr. Kimberly Workowski. "A lot of times providers have reticence in asking their patients these questions."
The CDC updates its guidelines on sexually transmitted diseases about every four years. They were first published in 1982, and the last set was issued in 1998.
Among other changes in the new guidelines:
s The CDC recommended expanded screening among women for chlamydia, the most commonly reported STD. Women with chlamydia infections should be tested again three to four months after they finish treatment, to guard against reinfection.
s The agency said doctors in California should not use a class of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones to treat gonorrhea. Strains of gonorrhea resistant to that class of drugs have become common on the West Coast.
Gonorrhea infections have already developed widespread resistance to treatment with penicillin and tetracycline.
s The CDC said nonoxynol-9, a spermicide, should not be used as a way to prevent STDs. The recommendation is in line with studies over the past few years that have shown nonoxynol-9 can cause vaginal lesions, making it easier for women to contract HIV.
On the Net: STD prevention information, www.cdc.gov/std/ 

Load-Date: May 11, 2002


End of Document
Minority gays make up most new AIDS cases



Minority gays make up most new AIDS cases
The Atlanta Journal and Constitution
January 14, 2000, Friday,
Home Edition


Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution
Section: News; Pg. 1A
Length: 664 words
Byline: M.A.J. McKenna, Staff
Body

The proportion of black and Hispanic gay men developing AIDS each year is now greater than that of white gay men. The development, forecast for years, arrived sooner than expected, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday.
Minorities made up 52 percent of all gay and bisexual men diagnosed with AIDS in 1998, while white men accounted for 48 percent, the agency said. That was a sharp shift from 1989, when minorities represented 31 percent of such cases.
CONSTITUTION
"The face of AIDS among gay and bisexual men is changing," said Dr. Helene Gayle, director of the CDC's HIV branch. "African-American and Hispanic men must recognize that this is not a disease that only affects white gay men."
The fresh numbers, drawn from annual national reports of new cases of AIDS, add information to a trend recognized last year: Though blacks make up only 13 percent of the U.S. population, they had come to represent 49 percent of deaths from AIDS and 48 percent of the new AIDS cases reported.
That's a far cry from the early days of the AIDS epidemic, when the disease was overwhelmingly identified with white men who had sex with other men.
The most recent CDC records show that by the end of 1998, 708,738 cases of AIDS had been diagnosed in the United States.
Half those cases were gay or bisexual men. More than one in three of those cases were black men, and almost one in every five were Hispanic men.
AIDS is now the leading cause of death among black men of all sexual orientation between the ages of 25 and 44 and the second-greatest cause of death of black women the same age.
Black communities have recently begun to mobilize around that shift in statistics.
In November, Surgeon General David Satcher called on historically black medical schools to spread information about the disease.
In October, the first National Black Church HIV/AIDS Institute brought representatives of black religious groups to Atlanta to discuss outreach by churches, which have been criticized as being slow to respond to the epidemic.
Also in October, panels of the National AIDS Memorial Quilt began a tour of historically black colleges and universities.
That same month, Coretta Scott King, widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., condemned anti-gay bias within the black community in a speech at Atlanta University Center.
"I have no doubt that homophobia has worsened and prolonged the AIDS crisis, " she said.
In fact, the CDC said Thursday, the stigma still attached to homosexuality in some black communities may be contributing to the rate of infection.
In a survey of 8,780 men in 12 states, including Georgia, one of every four black men who had sex with other men, and one out of every six such Latino men, continued to describe themselves as heterosexual and to have sexual relationships with women.
Gayle said cultural pressure not to identify themselves as homosexual reduces the chances such men will seek help and early treatment.
It also increases the likelihood they will continue to spread the infection to other men and to female partners and their children as well, she said.
"This is a very real and sensitive issue requiring increased dialogue and attention" from leaders in (minority) communities," Gayle said. "To truly win the battle against HIV, we must be willing to acknowledge and wrestle with the difficult issues."
In a second study released Thursday, the CDC found black and Hispanic gay and bisexual men are more likely than white gay and bisexual men to become infected with HIV while they are young adults.
By analyzing data from 25 states, including Georgia, that track new infections with HIV as well as cases of full-blown AIDS, the agency found 16 percent of those who were 13 to 24 years old when they were infected were black, and 13 percent were Latino. Only 9 percent, in contrast, were white.
"Men of color must be reached early with comprehensive HIV prevention programs, especially in high-risk communities," said Dr. Janet Blair, the study's author.

Load-Date: January 14, 2000


End of Document
Circumcision doesn't protect gays from AIDS virus



Circumcision doesn't protect gays from AIDS virus
Associated Press International
August 26, 2009 Wednesday 4:00 AM GMT


Copyright 2009 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: DOMESTIC NEWS
Length: 508 words
Byline: By MIKE STOBBE, AP Medical Writer
Dateline: ATLANTA 
Body


Circumcision, which has helped prevent AIDS among heterosexual men in Africa, doesn't help protect gay men from the virus, according to the largest U.S. study to look at the question.
The research, presented at a conference Tuesday, is expected to influence the government's first guidance on circumcision.
Circumcision "is not considered beneficial" in stopping the spread of HIV through gay sex, said Dr. Peter Kilmarx, of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
However, the CDC is still considering recommending it for other groups, including baby boys and high-risk heterosexual men.
UNAIDS and other international health organizations promote circumcision, the cutting away of the foreskin, as an important strategy for reducing the spread of the AIDS virus. There hasn't been the same kind of push for circumcision in the United States.
For one thing, nearly 80 percent of American men are already circumcised a much higher proportion than most other countries. Worldwide, the male circumcision rate is estimated at about 30 percent.
Also, while HIV spreads primarily through heterosexual sex in Africa and some other parts of the world, in the United States it has mainly infected gay men. Only about 4 percent of U.S. men are gay, according to preliminary CDC estimates released at the conference this week. But they account for more than half of the new HIV infections each year.
Previous research has suggested circumcision doesn't make a difference when anal sex is involved. The latest study, by CDC researchers, looked at nearly 4,900 men who had anal sex with an HIV-infected partner and found the infection rate, about 3.5 percent, was approximately the same whether the men were circumcised or not.
Government recommendations on circumcision are still being written and may not be final until next year, following public comment. CDC doctors and many experts believe there is a good argument for recommending that baby boys and heterosexual men at a higher risk for HIV be circumcised.
The definition of "high risk" is still being discussed, said Kilmarx, chief of the epidemiology branch in the CDC's HIV division.
Circumcision is a sensitive issue laden with cultural and religious meaning, particularly when babies are involved, Kilmarx acknowledged.
"It's seen by many as more than just as medical procedure," he said. It's possible the government won't make recommendations but instead will promote an education campaign for parents about the procedure's potential benefits and risks, he added.
The prospect of the government promoting circumcision of infants has already drawn fire from an advocacy group called Intact America. The organization, based in Tarrytown, New York, parked a motorized billboard this week outside the hotel hosting the HIV conference, displaying the message: "Tell the CDC that circumcising babies doesn't prevent HIV."
"It's removing healthy, functioning, sexual and protective tissue from a person who cannot consent. You're mutilating a child," said Georgeanne Chapin, the group's executive director.

Load-Date: August 27, 2009


End of Document
