Page  of Gay Delegate Says Reagan Could Get Gay Support



Gay Delegate Says Reagan Could Get Gay Support
The Associated Press
July 16, 1980, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 201 words
Dateline: DETROIT
Body


Bringing the gay rights movement to the Republican National Convention, Chicago delegate Timothy E. Drake says Ronald Reagan "has the potential to generate good will in the gay community."
Drake, who said he is the first openly homosexual delegate to any GOP convention, told reporters at a news conference that he dislikes the party platform but believes Reagan won't be bound by its lack of a pledge of non-discrimination against homosexuals.
"It is not consistent with Governor Reagan's position paper," he said. "He is not for gay rights, but he is opposed to all forms of discrimination, and that includes homosexuals."
Nevertheless, Drake said he wants additional assurances of fair treatment for gays in a Reagan administration before he can make a firm commitment to the candidate. Without such assurances, he said he might vote for independent candidate John Anderson.
Discussing political progress of the gay rights movement, Wright noted that more than 75 delegates to the Democratic National Convention in August are openly homosexual, compared to three in 1976.
Claiming that he is the first openly gay Republican delegate, Wright said he feels sure other GOP delegates are gay but won't acknowledge it.


End of Document
Page  of Gay group appeals for 100,000 pounds / Gay Switchboard



Gay group appeals for 100,000 pounds / Gay Switchboard
The Guardian (London)
August 6, 1984


Copyright 1984 Guardian Newspapers Limited
Length: 241 words
Byline: By NICHOLAS DE JONGH
Body


 Gay Switchboard, the 24-hour advice and information service, has launched an appeal for pounds 100,000 to help it expand to match the six-fold increase in calls since it started 10 years ago.
 At a press conference at Gay Switchboard's north London headquarters, which are scheduled for redevelopment, a spokesman said that calls had increased from an average of 800 a week in 1974 to about 5,000 a week in 1984.
The premises, with only four telephone lines almost constantly engaged, housed 35 volunteers in 1974 and now has to hold 100.
 About pounds 22,000 of the pounds 100,000 required for the organisation to find new premises, install new telephone lines and maintain them has already been raised. The appeal does not include the pounds 15,000 a year it costs the Switchboard to operate.
 The campaign to raise money will include a series of entertainments and submissions for finance to the boroughs of Islington and Camden.
 Gay clubs and commercial organisations will also be asked for financial aid.
 The arrival in Britain of Aids, Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, which causes a collapse of the body's natural defence system, has caused a remarkable increase in the number of calls received on medical matters, said the Switchboard spokesman.
 About 72 per cent of those who have contracted Aids are gay and Gay Switchboard found in 1983 that a majority of the calls of a medical nature related to pleas for help or information about Aids.

Load-Date: June 13, 2000


End of Document
Page  of Gay America in Transition



Gay America in Transition
Newsweek
August 8, 1983, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1983 Newsweek
Section: GAY AMERICA; Pg. 30
Length: 4640 words
Byline: TOM MORGANTHAU with VINCENT COPPOLA and JOHN CAREY and NANCY COOPER in New York, GEORGE RAINE in San Francisco, JOHN McCORMICK in Chicago, DAVID T. FRIENDLY in Los Angeles and bureau reports
Highlight: A turning point has been reached, and AIDS may mean the party is over.
Body


The Hothouse was legendary in gay San Francisco -- a four-story, 10,000-square-foot pleasure palace filled with inviting private alcoves and the paraphernalia of kinky sex: harnesses, chains and shackles. Its centerpiece, boyish and innocent amid the ominous clutter of leather restraining devices, was a giant tire swing -- a symbol, as owner Louis Gaspar liked to say, "of all the things you were afraid to do as a child, especially if you had any gay tendencies." That was how Gaspar saw the Hothouse -- as a moneymaker, sure enough, but also as a sort of therapeutic playpen, "a place where gay men could live out their adolescence, sexually and playfully, because so many of us never got through that phase." Last month the Hothouse went out of business, a victim of the gay community's rising fears about the connection between promiscuous, anonymous sex and the AIDS epidemic. Gaspar was philosophic -- the place had served its purpose, and anyway, he said, things were getting "too far out" -- but his clientele was in despair. "This is depressing," said one young man, picking his way through the remnants of the Hothouse's once abundant supply of exotic sexual appliances. "Not only is this over -- it's all over."
For Gay America, a decade of carefree sexual adventure, a headlong gambol on the far side of the human libido, has all but come to a close. The flag of sexual liberation that had flown as the symbol of the gay movement has been lowered. Caution and responsibility -- to oneself, to one's friends, to the larger and still pressing concerns of gay life in America -- are now the watchwords of gay liberation, and many homosexuals do not regret it. According to the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta, AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) has claimed 1,922 victims, more than 70 percent of whom are male homosexuals; 743 persons are dead. Though the disease seems largely confined to the four "high risk" groups (male homosexuals, intravenous drug users, Haitians and hemophiliacs), there is hardly any doubt that it is primarily communicated by homosexual male sex (page 40).
'Punishment? The epidemic is both a frightful human tragedy -- many AIDS victims die painful and ugly deaths -- and a psychological catastrophe for thousands, perhaps millions, of American gay men. To be a male homosexual today is to be afraid of catching AIDS; since the incubation period can last as long as two years, many gays can only wonder whether some day soon their first symptoms will appear. That the disease is sexually transmitted is the most crushing blow of all -- for the joy of gay sex, defiant of social taboo, had always been at the heart of the gay-liberation movement. According to the CDC, many early AIDS victims said they had engaged in sex with more than 1,000 different partners.
"The belief that was handed to me was that sex was liberating and more sex was more liberating," says Michael Callen, 28, one of New York City's 847 AIDS victims. "[Being gay] was tied to the right to have sex." As a result, says Richard Failla, a professed homosexual who is a prominent New York City judge, "the psychological impact of AIDS on the gay community is tremendous. It has done more to undermine the feelings of self-esteem than anything Anita Bryant could have ever done. Some people are saying, "Maybe we are wrong -- maybe this is a punishment'."
Against that flood tide of doubt, guilt and anxiety, gay-community leaders and not a few psychotherapists are now struggling to maintain a precious quotient of calm. American homosexuals have made tremendous strides toward dignity in recent years despite the Mardi Gras flamboyance that has accompanied the nationwide rage for "coming out" (page 34). If some gays are conspicuously and distressingly hedonistic, many others are not: according to San Francisco psychiatrist Dr. James P. Krajeski, diversity is the hallmark of Gay America, and a significant and healthy trend toward "feeling better about themselves" is now the gay community's most prominent common characteristic. Gay political activists say the AIDS crisis is drawing American homosexuals together with a new and sober unity of purpose -- and virtually to a man, gay leaders speak of a "new maturity" that is replacing the last decade's mood of pansexual excess. "I don't see gay leaders running to the closet and bewailing the fact [AIDS] is bad public relations for gays," says Toby Marotta, a gay social scientist and author. "Most share my view -- that this is the most profound, maturing incident for the gay community in its history."
Hostility: "Bad public relations" is understatement, of course: many gays are nearly as fearful of homophobic backlash as they are of AIDS itself. For all their progress in recent years, gays enjoy, at best, a precarious tolerance in the public mind -- and there is no doubt, as they are well aware, that some fraction of the "straight" majority harbors an abiding hostility toward their every act of self-assertion. The AIDS crisis has unleashed new forms of gay-baiting, as well as rampant public jitters about the disease itself. A NEWSWEEK Poll by The Gallup Organization reveals that a substantial minority of the public at large believes, incorrectly, that mere social contact with AIDS victims may transmit the disease; the poll also shows at least a small increase, from 51 percent a year ago to 58 percent, in the number of Americans who reject homosexuality as an acceptable "alternative lifestyle." And it is difficult for many straights to avoid the conclusion that nature or God is punishing homosexuals for defying sexual shibboleths that are as old as the Bible itself. "A man reaps what he sows," the Rev. Jerry Falwell declaimed on a recent San Francisco television show. "If he sows seed in the field of his lower nature, he will reap from it a harvest of corruption."
"Come on, it's a virus of some sort -- it's just a disease, and the only reason it's so deadly is because they can't find it, they can't isolate it," says Ted McCloud, 35, an AIDS patient at San Francisco General Hospital. McCloud -- who says he has had "some very intense, very loving moments with other men, and I wouldn't change that for the world" -- has Kaposi's Sarcoma, a newly virulent form of skin cancer that is one of the "opportunistic infections" that attack AIDS victims and one of the leading causes of death among them.
As McCloud sees it, "There may be a few people who feel they're getting paid off for their sexual activities, and maybe they enjoy the suffering and want to feel that way. If that's true, they can have it. It's a disease that for some reason is affecting gay men, and it doesn't have anything to do with getting paid off. God doesn't send you to the basement if you're bad."
It is, nevertheless, a time for taking stock -- a pause, perhaps a turning point, for both Gay America and the mainstream majority. Gays and lesbians are routinely estimated to be a 1-in-10 minority in America; like other minorities, theirs is a history of oppression at the hands of a culture that places overwhelming primacy on marriage, the family and heterosexual love. Gays have their own list of triumphs and defeats, their own roster of heroes, martyrs and villains; there are some parallels to the early years of the civil-rights movement, not the least of which is the gay demand for an end to discrimination and a share of political power. But gay liberation is historically unique -- for surely, despite their devotion to the rights of the individual, the framers of the Constitution never conceived that the law of the land might someday protect a minority that defines itself not by race, religion, language or even gender, but by sexual behavior.
The question of choice is crucial: Is being gay merely a "life-style" or a matter of "sexual preference"? Is it a personality disorder? Or is it some genetic fact, like being left-handed? If gays choose to be gay, then that choice -- like any human choice -- may be properly subject to criticism and legal strictures. If being gay is part of their very nature, then society should accept them. Jerry Falwell believes homosexuality is a choice and a perversion, a blasphemy against the laws of God. Psychiatry for years believed that homosexuality was sickness -- a playing out of some form of mental illness, a learned behavior that could be remedied by therapy. Some in the profession -- and a few outside, such as believers in "Aesthetic Realism" -- still believe that to be true. But more and more, psychiatrists and psychologists are moving to the position that homosexuality is neither illness nor chosen behavior. From that point of view, homosexuality is a personality trait of unknown origin: its cause may be genetic or rooted in the homosexual's family life or somehow imposed by society at large -- or it may be a combination of all three.
What seems fairly certain, given the limits of existing research, is that human sexual orientation is determined very early in life -- perhaps by the age of one or two, and certainly before the child has any capacity to make reasoned decisions. Many gays confirm that finding from their own childhood memories, but they also ask, with considerable justification, why the question is relevant. Gay is what they are and usually all they can remember being; the question "Why homosexuality?" is no more answerable than its converse, "Why heterosexuality?" and no more meaningful to the business of living.
"The church thought we were sinful. The health field took us as sick. The capitalist saw us as unemployable and the nuclear family mistook us for a birth defect," says Morris Kight, 64, a patriarch of the gay community in Los Angeles. Now "What gays really want to say is, "Get off our backs! We're here, and we're not going away'," says Brian McNaught, 35, a Boston gay-rights activist. But it is not as simple as that.
There is a puckish fantasy circulating among gays who are out of the closet: what if one day, very suddenly, every homosexual in America turned blue -- and the rest of society saw once and for all just how commonplace (and how unthreatening) homosexuality really is? In truth, the gradual surfacing of Gay America over the past 10 years has nearly fulfilled that wish. If the 1-in-10 estimate is correct, something like 17 million Americans -- men and women of all ethnic groups and occupations -- are homosexual. Though there are no reliable statistics on the gay population state by state, there is also no doubt that every major city in the country, and many smaller ones, now includes an identifiable subcommunity of avowed gays -- and usually a shadow population of those who are, for whatever reasons, still concealing their sexual identity.
San Francisco remains the capital of Gay America -- the Emerald City, the gay Oz, a town in which no homosexual need any longer fear coming out. Gays are partners in the business and political establishments; there is a gay chamber of commerce, the Golden Gate Business Association and a gay-and-lesbian thrift institution, the Atlas Savings and Loan Association. Thriving on the gay real-estate boom that has reclaimed hundreds of Victorian homes across the city, Atlas now boasts $42 million in assets -- an indicator of the gay community's rising affluence. If the homosexual demimonde that is so visible on Castro Street has given San Francisco a lurid image to the rest of the nation, the prim neighborhoods of gay-owned Victorians suggest another reality: a solid, hard-working and civic-minded gay middle class that has little in common with the gaudy campiness of the street people. "The great bulk of the gay population . . . goes to work in the morning and comes home at night, like anybody else," says Mayor Dianne Feinstein. "It runs the political gamut as far as ideology is concerned, and I suspect that, in the majority, it is probably conservative."
Gay communities elsewhere are similarly diverse. "There are highly visible pockets of gays living a particular life-style, but the community is too broad and too wide to categorize," says Judge Failla, describing New York City. "I don't believe there are more artists among gays. There are probably just as many lawyers or construction workers. For the most part, my friends are successful professionals." According to one recent survey of homosexuals in 11 major cities, gays are employed in virtually every sector of the economy, and more than a third hold professional, technical or managerial jobs. Many keep their private lives wholly separate from their careers; it is simply common sense. "Probably 75 percent of my business is [with] very straight, very upper-middle-class people," says a Denver real-estate broker. "Some would care and wouldn't do business with me [if they knew]. Some couldn't care less -- they'd say it's not an issue, so why make it an issue?"
The closet, in short, isn't what it used to be -- for it is often no more than a mutual accommodation between straights and gays, the gays agreeing not to flaunt their homosexuality and the straights agreeing not to notice it. As a result, Gay America is still a separate, if not quite secret, society -- particularly in larger cities like Los Angeles and New York. There are gay enclaves, like those in New York's West Village or Chicago's New Town, and there are networks of gay-owned businesses to supply the gay community s needs. "Here, it's "buy gay'," says one Los Angeles architect. "There are gay services of all kinds, from the travel agent to the stereo shop to gay answering services. If you care about that these days, the only thing you have to take your chances on is the mailman and the meter reader." The view from the heartland is different. "I have the impression, particularly from San Francisco, that you can live a very segregated life as a gay," says Minnesota state Sen. Allan Spear. "That's certainly not true in a city like Minneapolis, where you work with straight people and live in straight neighborhoods and have much more interaction with the straight life-style."
Spear and state Rep. Karen Clark are the only two openly gay state legislators in the nation. Nonetheless, Spear cites the "solid progress" gays have made in the upper Midwest, and considers Wisconsin's advances an encouraging sign for gay liberation elsewhere. Although Wisconsin is so far the only state to enact a gay-rights law, more than half have now repealed their sodomy statutes -- and nationally, gay leaders are heartened by their growing influence within the Democratic Party. At the last national convention, there were 77 avowedly gay delegates from 17 states. The Democratic National Committee recognizes gays as an official caucus. Gays are making their voting strength felt in the 1984 presidential race as well: California Sen. Alan Cranston has an avowed homosexual, Pat Osbon, on his senior staff, and even former Florida Gov. Reubin Askew, once an outspoken opponent of gay rights, has agreed to re-examine his position. Virginia Apuzzo, head of the National Gay Task Force, predicts that gays will make real political gains in the 1980s -- and at the same time, she predicts, educate the straight majority to overcome its prejudice against gays.
Backlash: The AIDS crisis, however, may already be changing that hopeful agenda. For one thing, AIDS has demoralized and to some extent divided Gay America at what is clearly a critical point in its campaign for equal rights. For another, the gay community's fears of backlash are at least partly realistic: in Texas and Georgia, conservatives have recently cited the AIDS epidemic as justification for antisodomy laws. But most of all, AIDS has turned the straight majority's attention to the sexual focus of gay liberation -- particularly the bathhouse-and-bar scene that became a way of life for inany thousands of gays in larger cities like San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York. "The AIDS scare could not have come at a worse time for homosexuals in their drive for public tolerance and acceptance," says veteran California pollster Mervin Field. "Gays who want to be thought of as businessmen, tradesmen or professional people will find they have to go back to broadcasting their sexuality . . . in order to get medical and public support to combat the disease."
Field's pessimism about the impact of the AIDS crisis may be exaggerated, as many in the gay community seem to believe. Some gay leaders, in fact, feel strongly that the risks of AIDS have been overblown by the media and by public-health officials, probably because straight society disapproves of gays in general and gay sex in particular. "There really isn't enough scientific evidence . . . that we can say this person or that person is a high risk," says Konstantin Berlandt, cochairman of this year's Lesbian/Gay Freedom Day Parade in San Francisco. "AIDS is being used as a basis of social discrimination -- they've painted with a wide brush all gay men as "suspect high risk'." Houston gay political activist Ray Hill, similarly, says that "Gays have been hearing that sex will kill you for years, and they won't believe it about AIDS." Perhaps, predictably, concern about the disease itself is less acute in cities where fewer AIDS cases have been reported. "There is less hysteria in Washington because there are not as many cases," says psychologist Larry Purchall. "You can't tell people to ignore it, but you have to help keep it in perspective."
But in cities like San Francisco and New York, where most AIDS cases have been reported, gays are feeling a panicky backlash. Indeed, there have been reports of gays being told to leave restaurants, being refused ambulance service and being evicted from their apartments, all because they have -- or might have -- AIDS. Behind it all, many gays perceive an attack on their life-style that they also consider unfair.
Most of all, gay leaders contend that promiscuous sex has hardly been typical of the gay community as a whole -- and to the extent that some gays indulged in a "fast lane" sexual life-style, that style had given way to a new maturity even before the AIDS crisis arose. "The stereotype of the gay, liberated life-style -- and the reason [gays] are so unpopular with the mainstream -- is [that gays are regarded as] hedonistic, pleasure-oriented, too irresponsible," says author Marotta. "I don't think that's the case." Marotta says the first phase of gay liberation was "let go, be proud of your sexuality" -- but now, he says, gays are "taking stock" and exploring "traditional values and conventional wisdom" to see how they may apply to gay life. "The re-evaluation of sexual practices that is sweeping the gay world is less of a retrenching [than] a reflection of responsibility and a pride in a subculture that is the finest product of gay liberation," Marotta says.
Others see the changing mood of Gay America in far less optimistic terms. "The AIDS epidemic is clearly an appalling disaster to our people," says Cleve Jones, a San Francisco gay who is an aide to California Assemblyman Art Agnos, a leading supporter of gay rights. "As a sexually transmitted disease . . . this epidemic is forcing us to re-evaluate how we live and how we love. There are a whole lot of us who are frightened by that." Jones says the debate over gay sexual mores "intensifies with every passing month" -- and in New York, AIDS victim Michael Callen bitterly complains that "AIDS has shattered the myth that there is a gay community." Some gay leaders "are doing a lousy job in handling the AIDS crisis," says San Francisco Chronicle reporter Randy Shilts, who is himself gay. "So much of the gay movement is dominated by those dinosaurs from the '60s, and they're happy when they can blame the government for not doing research and so happy when they can blame the media for not covering it right. They absolutely refuse to take responsibility for themselves."
The ongoing sexual debate is ultimately a dispute over the guiding ideology of gay liberation -- and there are two polar-opposite views. One is argued by Frank Kameny, a Washington gay activist who is one of the pioneers of the gay movement in America. "I have never looked upon 'promiscuity' as a dirty word," Kameny says. "It is a natural and normal style of living, while monogamy is deeply entrenched cultural overlay," mere "moralistic baggage society has been dumping for years." Kameny is proud that gays helped promote "the concept of recreational sex," and he believes that gay liberation has "opened the possibility of a much more relaxed and open [sexual] life-style" for heterosexuals as well. The other side is represented by younger gays like Steve Schulte, director of the Gay and Lesbian Community Services Center in Los Angeles. "Gay people have been denied their sexuality for so long that this freedom has become very important," Schulte says. On the other hand, he says, sexual activity is only a "lifestyle, a choice. It's part of being gay, but it's not all there is to it." The larger goal, says Ken Dawson, a New York City gay leader, is establishing "the freedom to be yourself."
Encounters: The AIDS epidemic has abruptly ended that debate for all but the most reckless: it is simply no longer safe to engage in random sex. "Many gays are beginning to see that the party is over. You find more people interested in monogamy and their homes and their health," says Bill Jones, the owner of San Francisco's Sutro Bath House. "You go home and get on with your life instead of being part of the wildness that has been going on in the last five years, the dehumanization." Business at the Sutro is down 60 percent, Jones says; other bathhouses and many gay bars have seen their business drop off as well. "I sort of miss talking about the good times, going with friends to the bathhouses and spending an evening, just the casualness of it," says one San Francisco gay, Michael John, 36. John says he had at least one sexual encounter a day for 19 years, most of them anonymous; all that ended with the AIDS scare. "Life," he says, "is more important to me than a trick right now."
No one says the fast-lane sexual life-style is completely dead. In New York and other gay meccas, the hasty transactions of anonymous coupling still occur in bathhouses and cruise bars; some gays say high-frequency sex eventually becomes a kind of narcotic, a controlling force in one's life. A study of 600 San Francisco bathhouse and bar patrons last spring showed that 62 percent were still engaging in some form of high-risk sexual behavior -- and even more alarming, that 7 percent had actually increased their high-risk sex activities. "I hear rationalizations all the time," says Tom Kurz, health director of L.A.'s Gay and Lesbian Community Services Center. "[Gays say,] "I must have been exposed to it by now, so if I don't have it I must be able to resist it'."
Skeptical: Many lesbian activists have decidedly mixed feelings about the AIDS crisis. Although lesbians are deeply compassionate about male homosexuals' current situation, says Abby Rubenfeld, managing attorney of New York's Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, they are resentful that the term "homosexuals," which includes them, is being used to denote the AIDS risk group. Lesbians have virtually no venereal disease of any kind, and they are not among the high-risk groups for AIDS. "We do feel solidarity with them. We don't get the disease, but we do get the discrimination that results from it," Rubenfeld says.
Lesbian life-style, to the extent that it can be generalized, has always been quieter and less ostentatious than that of most gay men. Carol Lease, executive director of Colorado's Gay and Lesbian Community Center, says lesbians are not sexually promiscuous, and she is skeptical of the male homosexuals' "new maturity." "If tonight we hear on the news that some researcher has come up with a cure for AIDS, will we see a return to promiscuity? My opinion is yes," Lease says. "The reason they're shedding [promiscuity] is not because it isn't healthy to treat people like pieces of meat. They're doing it because of a reaction to fear."
Gay men say otherwise. The real impact of the AIDS crisis, they believe, is that gays are drawing together again to fight for their common goals. "The number of people AIDS has brought out into the [politically active] community -- many of them out of the closet -- is very exciting to see," says Jeff Levi, Washington representative for the National Gay Task Force. "When it's life or death, it's worth risking yourjob." Levi and other gay leaders have met with Ronald Reagan's staff to express their concern about the government's handling of the AIDS crisis, and the tempo of activity is picking up on the local level as well. "I haven't experienced this kind of caring since the early days of gay liberation," says Jim Fouratt, founder of a New York City group called Wipe Out AIDS.
Stonewall: Gay liberation began as a movement on June 28, 1969, at a now defunct bar called the Stonewall on Christopher Street in New York City. The revolutionary army was an unlikely and unruly assortment of transvestites and Greenwich Village drag queens who had the temerity to resist a routine bit of police harassment. There was a shower of rocks and bottles, and the ensuing riots went on for three consecutive nights. The legacy of Stonewall is that "Gays Fight Back" -- and there are those who think the spirit has been reborn. "AIDS is focusing the attention of the nation on the fact that we are a minority with the same hopes and aspirations, fears and frustrations, that everybody else has," says San Francisco Judge Herbert Donaldson. "We have all the duties of a citizen, but we still don't have all the rights. But we're going to get them. We're going to get them by peaceful means, and by education."
It will take time. Straights fear gays just as gays fear straights; the AIDS crisis and the gays' priapic binge have not narrowed the psychic gulf between them. "People don't see gay liberation as a civil-rights movement," says one New York City gay. "They see us as trying to force an immoral life-style on them." As some leaders of the gay community tacitly recognize, moreover, the long escape into hedonism has most of all been a reckless diversion of Gay America's energies -- energies that must now be directed into winning political gains, and winning hearts and minds of men and women who, in many communities, live right next door.

A NEWSWEEK POLL ON HOMOSEXUALITY
Although most Americans think gays should have equal rights in terms of employment opportunities, they disapprove of homosexuality as an alternative life-style. 
Do you have any friends or acquaintances whoare homosexual?Yes24%No76%Do you feel that homosexuality should be con-sidered as an accepted alternative life-style?July 1983June 1982Yes32%34%No58%51%Don't know10%15%In general, do you think homosexuals shouldhave equal rights in terms of job opportunities?July 1983June 1982Yes65%59%No25%28%Don't know10%13%Have you ever heard of a disease called AIDS?July 1983June 1983Yes91%77%No 8%23%Not sure 1%--Have you worried that AIDS will spread to thegeneral population?Yes38%Haven't thought much about it60%Don't know 2%If you come into casual contact with someonewho has AIDS, do you think you are likelyto contract the disease?Definitely 4%No59%Maybe21%Not sure16%Are you less comfortable with your friends andacquaintances who are homosexual since youheard about AIDS?*Yes21%No78%Don't know 1%* Asked only of those who said they had homosexual acquaintances.

For this NEWSWEEK Poll, The Gallup Organization interviewed 767 adults by telephone on July 20 and July 21, 1983. The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percentage points. (The NEWSWEEK Poll, Copyright © 1983 by NEWSWEEK, Inc.)

Graphic

 
Cover photo, GAY AMERICA, Sex, Politics and The Impact of AIDS, Photo by Rick Browne -- Picture Group; Picture 1, San Francisco's Gay Freedom Day Parade in July: After a decade of growing pride, a mounting sense of alarm, Mickey Pfleger; Picture 2, Friends at Twins, a bar in Houston, Tony Bullard; Picture 3, A physical therapist and a male nurse in a San Francisco apartment, Mick Hicks; Picture 4, gay lawyer Ron Ehemann in Chicago, Jeff Lowenthal -- NEWSWEEK; Picture 5, Rep. Gerry Studds in Washington, Sherbell -- Picture Group; Picture 6, gay-pride marchers in Manhattan, James Pozarik -- Picture Group; Picture 7, The summer-weekend scene outside the Badlands, a bar and restaurant in New York City's Greenwich Village, James Pozarik -- Picture Group; Picture 8, Cowboy at the National Gay Rodeo in Reno, Mick Hicks; Picture 9, A gay-pride parade in Los Angeles, Johnnie Randels; Picture 10, Gay farmers in a Minnesota cornfield, Steve Woit -- St. Cloud Daily Times Picture 11, family marching together in L.A., Marvin Lichtner; Pictures 12 and 13, Changing times confront tradition on Castro Street in San Francisco and in Los Angeles march, Mickey Pfleger, Ken Rogers -- Black Star; Picture 14, Rehearsal of the Windy City Gay Chorus in Chicago, Jeff Lowenthal -- NEWSWEEK; Picture 15, manager of gay bar, Bryce Flynn -- Picture Group; Picture 16, Bathhouse culture may be on the way out, Mickey Pfleger; Picture 17, Another opinion at gay parade in New York, Owen Franken -- Sygma


End of Document
Page  of Gay artists applaud programs



Gay artists applaud programs
United Press International
September 19, 1983, Monday, AM cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 486 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


The Alliance for Gay Artists honored the television series ''Cheers,'' ''Dynasty'' and ''Gimme A Break'' Monday for realistic depictions of homosexuals during the group's third annual awards event.
''The Fifth of July,'' a Public Broadcasting System and Showtime movie of the Lanford Wilson play about several people recalling their experiences in the 1960s, won three awards -- for production, for Richard Thomas' portrayal of a gay handicapped man and for Jeff Daniels' performance as Thomas' lover.
Josh Schiowitz, co-producer of the ceremony, said the alliance tried to recognize ''fair portrayals of gays in the media'' and encourage a wider depiction of homosexual issues.
''What's nice is that now gay characters are gay in movies and TV but their gayness is incidental to the plot,'' he said.
''They're what we call the also-happens-to-be-gay characters. Their sexual preference doesn't determine their character. They're regular people. There is a great spectrum of gay lifestyles. We love to see the variety represented.
''Certainly some stereotypes are real. Haven't you seen people who fit them? So depicting them is all right. But those are a minority. The more we can get the others represented, the better.''
The ABC series ''Dynasty'' was honored for its depiction of Steven Carrington, the gay son of an oil magnate.
The NBC series ''Cheers'' was cited for the episode titled ''The Boys in the Bar,'' in which the bartender risks alienating his regular clientele by making gay customers feel at home.
The series ''Gimme A Break,'' also on NBC, was honored for the episode titled ''The Chief's Gay Evening,'' portraying the police chief's struggle when he learns a colleague is gay.
''Lianna,'' a movie about a married woman who falls in love with a female professor, and ''Take Your Best Shot,'' a TV movie about a troubled actor who gains stability and insight from a gay ex-actor he befriends, were honored for balanced depictions of homosexuals.
Linda Griffiths and Jane Hallaren also were honored for their leading roles in ''Lianna'' and Jeffrey Tambor for his portrayal of the actor in ''Take Your Best Shot.''
The alliance also gave an award to the Phil Donohue talk show for giving gay guests a fair forum.
Also among the honorees were four Los Angeles stage productions - ''Cloud Nine,'' a farce about sex role stereotyping; ''Diversions and Delights,'' a one-man show starring Vincent Price as Oscar Wilde; ''Last Summer at Bluefish Cove,'' a drama about a woman who rents a summer cottage and falls in love with a woman who is dying of cancer; and ''Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein,'' a one-woman monologue starring Pat Carroll as the iconoclastic writer.
Rita Moreno, who played an entertainer in a gay bathhouse in the show ''The Ritz,'' and Robert Preston, honored last year for his portrayal of an aging gay entertainer in the movie ''Victor-Victoria,'' hosted the ceremony in Hollywood.


End of Document
Page  of The Profit in Being Gay



The Profit in Being Gay
Newsweek
November 12, 1984, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1984 Newsweek
Section: BUSINESS; Pg. 84
Length: 1538 words
Byline: KIM FOLTZ with GEORGE RAINE in San Francisco, LYNDA WRIGHT in New York, DAVID L. GONZALEZ in Chicago and bureau reports
Highlight: Out-of-the-closet companies tap a free-spending market.
Body


Wall Street businessman Robert Casaetto is gay -- but the last thing he wants is to keep his homosexuality a secret. For Casaletto, who owns the nation's only financial-services company openly catering to gays, it is his trademark. When he started Christopher Street Financial, Inc., in 1981, Casaletto had 10 clients and a mere $1 million to manage. Now, thanks to ads in gay newspapers, CSF manages more than $10 million in assets from 250 clients -- three-quarters of them gay. Casaletto's success oesn't surprise him. "There's a huge market of affluent gays that straight companies have -- ignored " says the former Merrill Lynch executive. "All I had to do was set up shop and spread the word."
And, of course, be gay. Whether it's a small Texas supermarket or a $100 million California bank, gay businesses are booming. They are coming out of the closet in record numbers to tap a gay market that by some estimates could be as large as $400 billion. A decade ago 24 San Francisco businessmen had to meet in secret to form the first gay chamber of commerce. Now there are 45 similar groups with more than 5,000 member companies nationwide -- and they aren't gathering behind closed doors. When the Atlanta Business and Professional Guild, a gay group, holds the South's first major gay business fair this week, more than 40 companies will set up shop in the city's civic auditorium.
Homosexual and lesbian entrepreneurs such as the Georgia contingent are openly doing business across the country in construction, printing, computer services and other fields that used to be virtually off-limits to them. Andrea Kay Smith, for example, has built a management-consulting firm in Atlanta that works with not just gay clients, but also with such "straight" companies as AT&T and First Georgia Bank. "The risks used to be too great for us to be open," says Werner Kuhn, president of the National Association of Business Councils, another gay group. "Society is now more accepting, so for many of us there's no longer any reason to hide."
In fact, being "open" may be the strongest selling point for these companies. According to a 1982 survey of gay males living in 11 major urban areas by Walker & Struman, a market-research firm, 75 percent of those polled preferred to patronize gay-owned companies. "I'd rather do without than give my money to a place that doesn't respect me," says sales clerk Tory Sanders. Although Sanders is entitled to a hefty employee discount at the New York department store where he works, he refuses to shop there because, he believes, the outlet discriminates against its gay workers.
Community Support: Gay entrepreneurs count on such loyalty -- and it seems to pay off. Overwhelming support from San Francisco's large gay community, for example, has helped the nation's first gay-owned bank to succeed. Atlas Savings and Loan opened three years ago in the Castro district -- the city's principal gay enclave -- with a scant $2 million in assets. This summer, assets topped $100 million and profits have soared to nearly $1 million from a $73,000 loss in 1982. Business is so good, says the bank's founder, John Schmidt, that Atlas opened a third branch last month -- in the heart of the city's financial district.
If a gay bank can make it big, why not a gay beer? Two Sacramento marketing experts, Lee Nichols and Ted Ross, are gambling that gays won't be able to resist a product they can call their own. Wilde's beer, a premium brew named for Edwardian playwright and homosexual martyr Oscar Wilde, sells exclusively in gay bars and restaurants. Wilde's nationwide rollout began last summer in San Diego, and its launch is being backed by the first blatantly gay TV ads. The spots, which run on MTV, feature male couples whose eyes are locked in longing stares. The commercials are punctuated with the provocative tag line: "Just between us . . . it's Wilde."
In many ways the gay community is a marketing dream. "It is definable, easy to reach and gays spend a lot of money," explains Nichols, who is relying heavily on the free-spending habits of gays to make Wilde's a hit. The beer may fall flat, but not because Nichols's reasoning is wrong. Free from the flnancial burden of supporting a family, many gays have more disposable income to spend on such luxuries as home computers, video recorders, European vacations and expensive clothes. The results of one study, says Kuhn, suggest that gays could control as much as 19 percent of the nation's $2.6 trillion in disposable income Many gays also make far more money than the average American. The median income for all of the nation's households is $20,885. In striking contrast, a 1983 survey by the Simmons Market Research Bureau of readers of The Advocate -- a national gay publication -- found that the median household income of the magazine's 400,000 readers was $34,900.
Changing Strategy: Even some straight companies are finding numbers like these irresistibly attractive. Historically, corporate America has shied away from direct appeals to gays for fear of a backlash from straight customers. But for some, the benefits now outweigh the risks. Liquor giant Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Orion Pictures Corp. and even companies in more conservative fields, such as the Oppenheimer Fund, are openly wooing the gay market. The American importer of Stolichnaya vodka, for example, is running ads in gay publications heralding its sponsorship of upcoming concerts by the New York City Gay Men's Choir.
Despite this special attention, gays remain loyal to their own. And for good reason. "They know that they will be accepted -- that no one is going to make fun of them," explains Dewey Herrington, who owns a table-linen and gift store in Chicago. But it is more than camaraderie: owners and their customers share many of the same special concerns. Gay real-estate agents, for example, steer gay couples buying homes to sympathetic loan officers who won't ask embarrassing questions.
Givebacks: Many of the country's travel agencies run by -- and catering to -- gays offer a clubbier kind of custom tailoring. At Mark Tours, where the walls are appropriately decorated with travel posters sporting handsome, beefy men at play, owner Craig Seybold puts together special package tours such as "Gay London" that guide his customers to the side of town they'll like best. To make sure their clients can vacation hassle-free anywhere in the world, 500 agencies joined forces last year to form the International Gay Travel Association. Says Houston agency owner Bruce Wolley: "This gives us the muscle to make sure we get the best rates in the best hotels and the least amount of trouble."
If the homosexual community is expected to continue buying gay, businesses know they must return the favor. Most hire only gays so that they can provide as many safe jobs as possible for people who might otherwise have to stay in the closet at straight companies. They also feel duty-bound to support gay causes. Chicago bookstore owner Ed Devereux gives a local gay group 10 percent of the sales from gay titles during Gay Pride Week; and gay businesses in Houston are spearheading a project to rejuvenate the Montrose area -- a mostly gay neighborhood. "If we take money from gays, then we have a responsibility to return part of it to the community," insists financial adviser Casaletto, whose firm has donated $10,000 so far this year to gay projects. "Giving doesn't produce one customer -- and it shouldn't. It's an obligation."
Despite their progress, many gay entrepreneurs still suffer harassment. Tower Press owner Susan Horowitz and her female employees have had to endure ugly episodes of name-calling and physical abuse from antigay workers in the building that their outfit shares with other printing companies. Richard Longstaff has fared far worse. A British citizen, Longstaff emigrated to America in 1965 and has built up a thriving business of clothing shops in Dallas and Houston. But after he applied for citizenship in 1975, Texas officials of the Immigration and Naturalization Service labeled him unfit because he had failed to declare his homosexuality when he entered the country. Longstaff believed he was singled out because he openly advertised as a gay business, so he sued for the right to become a citizen. The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court ruled in favor of the INS, and earlier this year the Supreme Court refused to hear his case. Now he is waiting while the INS decides if he must be deported.
Boycotts: Still, the hazards haven't intimidated most gay owners, who insist that the closet door is permanently closed behind them. For one thing, any retreat could hurt business. Gay activists can deal harshly with companies that don't support the community. In Dallas, for example, they have boycotted one gay shop: the closeted owner has refused to aid local gay causes. But more important, it's a matter of pride. "We're doing what no one else can do," says John Behrens, owner of a Houston computer-services company. "We're sending a strong message to society that we aren't just silly queens -- we're solid, responsible citizens." Considering the economic clout behind that message, gays may not have to shout very loud to be heard.

Graphic

 
Picture 1, Travel-agency owner Craig Seybold and client: Creating hassle-free vacations for gays, JAMES D. WILSON -- NEWSWEEK; Picture 2, The founders of Wilde's beer: Exclusive brew; Picture 3, Atlas's Schmidt: Banking on big incomes, PHOTOS BY MAJES D. WILSON -- NEWSWEEK; Picture 4, Horowitz on the job: Paying on a high price for being open, BERNARD GOTFRYD -- NEWSWEEK


End of Document
Page  of gay day for gay olympic athletics competitors



gay day for gay olympic athletics competitors
The Xinhua General Overseas News ServiceXinhua General News Service
AUGUST 10, 1984, FRIDAY


Length: 577 words
Dateline: los angeles, august 9
Body


with one british decathlete missing world record by only one point, two romanian women long jumpers finishing 1-2 and two sprinters get their second medals, the sixth day of the 1984 olympic athletics tournament was a gay day for "gay" people.
but this "gay," as world champion decathlete daley thompson put it, simply means "happy."
daley thompson, the invincible british decathlete, garnered 8,797 points to capture the gold for the twoday olympic decathlon, missing by only one point of the world record total of 8,798 points collected by jurgen hingsen of the federal republic of germany last june.
he came to the last event of the all-around test -the 1,500-meter race --with 8,241 points in a worldrecord-breaking pace.  but he clocked only four minutes 35 seconds to be the seventh in the race, just two-tenths of a second slower than the time needed to whitewash the world mark.
"all i wanted to do was to win.  i thought i could get the world record, but the most important thing here was to win," said thompson, who mockingly wore a t-shirt with words that read: "the world's second greatest decathlete gay."
"gay means happy in england," he said, making fun of the pun.
in fact, he had good reason to be happy.  with today's victory, his second since the 1980 moscow olympics, he followed america's bob mathias as the second winner of two consecutive olympic decathlons.
his 8,797 points, already an olympic record, will be recognized as a world record when a new scoring table recently passed by the international amature athletics federation is enforced next year.
"you saw a world-record performance tonight," said frank sarnowki, an olympics statistician.  "but you won't get the world record until you start using the new tables next year."
he said: "daley will be happy he's going to get the world record.  all he has to do is wait until january 1."
he explained that the complicated new scoring system will favor the events thompson did well.
valerie brisco-hooks of the united states and merlene otty-page of jamaica were other two of the gay athletes today.
following her olympic-record victory in the women's 400 meters last monday, brisco-hooks won her second gold in the 200 meters tonight.
"both races were similar because they were both kind of easy," said the woman double-gold medalist, the first at these games.  "i thought they would be harder."
merlene otty-page, bronze winner in the women's 100 meters, repeated her triumphant performance by capturing another bronze in today's 200 meters, thus becoming the first double-medalist of her country at the present games.
in the women's long jump today, anisoara stanciu and vali ionescu from romania, finished 1-2 to win the most glamorous victory for their country.
another happy athlete today was british medalhopeful steve ovett, who returned to form after an illness-striken poor performance in the men's 800 meters. he clocked 3:49.23 seconds to lead his heat into the 1,500-meter semifinals.
"i feel a lot better than i did in the final of the 800," said the world-record holder, who still has a chance to win despite his weakness.  "it's very difficult, but i think i'll be alright."
so far, the united states has remained on the top of the medal table with 11 golds, 12 silvers and 4 bronzes.  great britain is second with two golds, two silvers and five bronzes.  coming third is romania, which has collected two golds, two silvers and two bronzes.


End of Document
Page  of 'MAJORITY' VS. GAYS



'MAJORITY' VS. GAYS
The New York Times
November 19, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition


Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company
Section: Section A; Page 31, Column 1; Editorial Desk; OP-ED
Length: 872 words
Byline: By Larry Bush
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


Even a quick look at events in Washington and around the country shows that the Christian right's attack on gay civil rights is taking on new life and intensity. The outcome is uncertain, but two things are clear: The Moral Majority will stop at nothing to make scapegoats of gay people, and the gay community is becoming more united as a result. In this climate, nothing less than extending civil rights laws to cover gays will end the political and moral outrages coming into view.
The clearest signal of the Moral Majority's intentions came Oct. 1 when it persuaded the House of Representatives to overturn a revised sex-assault bill recently passed by the District of Columbia city council that decriminalized sodomy between consenting adults in private. The measure, which had been requested by Congress and was similar to measures already in effect in at least 25 states, drew support from a coalition that included the National Conservative Political Action Committee and Washington's ''Mother of the Year.'' There was no reason to believe that Congress would intervene to block the act during the pro forma 30-day waiting period before it became law.
Larry Bush op-ed comment discusses effect of proposed laws which could limit civil rights of homosexuals
The Congressional veto was prompted by the Rev. Jerry Falwell's claims that gay men and lesbians are exerting too much influence in local Washington politics. Unable to counter their political weight in a city where the Moral Majority has no strength, Mr. Falwell wanted Congress to rule that their private lives are criminal. What he asked for and got from his supporters in the House was a veto that virtually excommunicates gays from the body politic in Washington.
Nor is that the only sign of increasing hostility toward gays.  Attorney General William French Smith recently took a public swipe at ''so-called fundamental rights,'' including the ''right to sexual privacy'' - and now President Reagan's Justice Department will be expected to define the limits of such rights.
The White House has also confirmed that it is considering backing even more extreme legislation proposed by the Moral Majority. The ''Family Protection Act'' now pending in Congress would, among other things, deny all Federal funds to any person or group that even ''suggests'' that homosexuality is an acceptable ''life style'' and effectively deny matching Federal funds to any candidate for public office who supports gay civil rights.
While most Americans are unaware of this assault on civil liberties, lesbians and gay men are increasingly concerned - and are organizing. That is their only protection against the hostility gaining strength throughout the country. In January, Austin, Tex., will consider a referendum that sanctions discrimination against gays by landlords and real estate agents; gays in cities everywhere feel that the police are turning a blind eye to street assaults on people taken to be homosexuals. Those assaults now include rapes of gay men as well as lesbians who are kidnapped as they leave local bars, knife slayings on the street, and even shooting deaths of unarmed gay men by police officers in Houston and Los Angeles. Many gays believe that this violence is linked to the rise in anti-gay political rhetoric. Both the street assaults and the political attack will be at issue in New York City today and tomorrow; tonight, gay men and lesbians will gather on the first anniversary of the death of two men shot by a machine gun through a window of the West Village's Ramrod Bar. Tomorrow, the City Council is to hold hearings on a bill to forbid discrimination based on sexual orientation.
The increasing prejudice and violence is forcing gays to accept that their private lives are a political issue. They are caught in the bind noted recently by Mayor-elect Andrew Young, as he acknowledged the new political power of Atlanta's gay community: ''The objective is to get rid of the intrusion of the state and society. The irony is that in order to do that you've got to make it a public issue.''
Gays are also gaining political power in other cities, for example in Houston where they won a commitment from the newly elected mayor to fire the police chief, and in Wisconsin where the Assembly recently passed a bill forbidding discrimination against them. The Wisconsin measure, which is expected to be approved and made law by the state Senate early next year, is supported not only by the gay community but also by the state's religious leaders, including the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Milwaukee.
Such cooperation acknowledges that what is at stake is not only protecting gays from abuse but reafffirming that prejudice is unacceptable. The question is not whether gays are winning and Jerry Falwell is losing. But if the anti-gay campaign is rejected, the victory will be for the principle that a person's sexuality is private, and that it cannot abused and exploited by those who would use it as a ready source for fund-raising, hate campaigns, cheap votes, and political posturing.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Larry Bush writes about national issues for The Advocate and The New York Native, both biweekly papers.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Power at Demo convention



Gay Power at Demo convention
United Press International
March 11, 1984, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 767 words
Byline: By JOHN M. LEIGHTY
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


The homosexual community of San Francisco is mapping strategy for a ''strong, visible presence'' when the Democratic National Convention opens in July.
The politics of ''gay power'' -- which has made the homosexual voting block a force in city elections -- will be practiced both on the streets and in Convention Hall, says Harry Britt, a member of San Francisco's law-making Board of Supervisors.
''Politically, we are the leading group in San Francisco,'' Britt said of the homosexual community, estimated to make up as much as one-fourth of the city's 700,000 population. ''We're going to have a strong, visible presence when the Democrats come to town.''
Britt, the board's only openly gay member, said he has invited homosexual elected officials from around the country to gather in San Francisco during the July 16-20 convention at Moscone Center. Many already have accepted and will take part in organized events, he said.
A massive march is planned for the eve of the convention from the predominantly-gay Castro District to either City Hall or Moscone Center, where speakers will discuss gay rights legislation and other matters, said Britt. A permit for the parade is pending.
''There will be a lot of major events to bring attention to lesbian and gay rights, the parade being the obvious one,'' said Britt. ''The march will be directed at the Reagan Administration, not against the Democratic Party.''
The march will occur three weeks after San Francisco's annual International Lesbian-Gay Freedom Day Parade, which last year drew more than 250,000 participants and spectators.
Britt said the march on convention eve won't draw nearly that many people, but the small Stonewall Gay Democratic Club predicted that up to 100,000 would turn out for the political parade.
''We will be voting with our feet this summer,'' said march organizer Linda Boyd. In the month before the convention, she said, about 1 million homosexuals will have marched in San Diego, Sacramento, Oakland, San Jose, San Francisco and Los Angeles in support of a Gay Employment Rights Act.
Britt said an issue of overriding concern is the epidemic of the deadly disease AIDS -- Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome -- which mainly strikes gay men. He said medical treatment and research is inadequate and that funerals for victims of the disease that breaks down the body's immune system have turned into an almost daily ritual in gay neighborhoods.
Carole Migden, president of the city's largest gay organization, the Harvey Milk Lesbian and Gay Democratic Club, said it was important that the Democratic Party takes a strong stance in the funding of AIDS research.
''It's not a gay rights issue,'' she said. ''It's the No. 1 prevailing health issue in the United States. It's our top priority - nothing else comes close.''
Last week, California AIDS Task Force chairman Dr. Marcus Conant reported 1,000 new AIDS cases in the San Francisco area. He called the disease a ''medical nightmare'' with the cost of providing treatment and services to patients reaching $70 million to $100 million annually.
Inside the convention, a gay caucus will be formed to bring up such issues as AIDS and a Gay Civil Rights Bill as part of the party platform plank, Britt said. At the 1980 Democratic gathering in New York, the caucus had 80 delegates, but because of rules changes, there may be fewer in the caucus this year.
Britt said ''gay power'' has been successful because of the forming of coalitions with ethnic and minority groups for common goals such as rent control, senior housing and feeding the poor. The unique grass-roots aspect of San Franicsco, he said, has provided ''a marvelous umbrella under which to operate.''
Marches for demonstrating homosexual concerns have become a tradition in San Francisco, Britt said, and began about the time that Anita Bryant started a nationwide attack on gay lifestyles in the early 1970s.
Although usually peaceful, one march by several thousand gays and supporters broke into an open riot in which City Hall was stoned and police cars were torched to protest the relatively-light manslaughter verdict in the Dan White murder case. White, a former supervisor and policeman, was sentenced to seven years for manslaughter after he broke into City Hall in 1978 and fatally shot Mayor George Moscone and gay supervisor Harvey Milk. He was freed on parole recently after serving only five years in prison.
Britt, who won Milk's position on the board, has become a powerful political figure in San Francisco and just recently launched a re-election campaign for his post on the seven member-supervisors' board.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Olympics are serious stuff



Gay Olympics are serious stuff
United Press International
April 22, 1983, Friday, BC cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 511 words
Byline: By JONI BALTER
Dateline: SEATTLE
Body


Organizers of the Gay Olympics Games want it known that the Gay Olympics are serious stuff.
''It's an educational tool,'' said Dr. Tom Waddell, organizer of the first Gay Olympics held last August in San Francisco and an athlete who placed sixth in the decathlon in the 1968 Mexico City Olympic Gmes.
''We're working on a formula; the formula is: identity plus visibility equals success,'' he said.
Dana Cox, 31, one of 48 entries from Seattle in last year's Gay Olympics, took home three gold medals for distance breast-stroke swimming. He also took home memories from ''the highest group experience in pride and unity of my life.''
''It was phenomenal,'' said Cox, who teaches aerobic dance in Seattle. ''It's a very strong statement. I'm not about to deny that a lot of gay men are hairdressers, but I think the games show us as strong and athletic people too.''
More than 1,300 men and women from 27 states and 12 counties participated in last summer's games, which included men and women competing in soccer, track and field, swimming, billiards and bowling. Competition is available but separate for men and women in basketball, golf, boxing and diving.
Waddell said no site has been chosen for the 1966 Gay Olympics, but Los Angeles, Vancouver, B.C., Seattle and San Francisco have expressed interest.
He and his San Francisco Arts and Athletic group have accepted an invitation from the two mayors to hold the Winter 1986 Gay Olympics in Minneapolis-St. Paul.
Hayden Jackson, president of the Seattle Athletic Association, a gay support group formed in 1981, said he is hoping the 1986 Olympics will be held in Seattle. The city earned a national reputation in 1978 when it became the first in the country voting to retain its gay rights protection laws.
Jackson, a pitcher for the Seattle Gay Olympics softball team, was drawn to San Francisco for the 1982 games by several forces.
''The first motivation is fun, like any athletic event,'' he said. ''Beyond that, we're also trying to get to know other people and set up lines of communication. Also, when you try something you never tried before and you are a success, your own self-image improves.''
The lack of minimal standards for participating in the Gay Olympics is one major difference between these and the regular Olympics.
''We don't feel it's necessary to beat someone else,'' said Waddell, although winners do take home real gold, silver and bronze medals. ''The objective is to participate.''
Participants include top athletes like George Frenn, who won the hammerthrow at the 1972 Olympics, and Susan McGrievy, on the 1956 U.S. Olympic team.
Anybody can participate in the Gay Olympics. ''There is no screening committee or anything,'' said Jackson. ''It's more of an attitude really.''
''What's the test?'' asked Waddell. ''No one has ever defined gay to me.''
Waddell said he doesn't believe the Gay Olympics further divides gay and straight people.
''We didn't do the separating, we don't like being separate, but we're forced into it,'' he said. ''By familiarity, we'll be able to move into the mainstream.''


End of Document
Page  of Gay power at Demo convention



Gay power at Demo convention
United Press International
March 10, 1984, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 751 words
Byline: By JOHN M. LEIGHTY
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


The homosexual community of San Francisco is mapping strategy for a ''strong, visible presence'' when the Democratic National Convention opens in July.
The politics of ''gay power'' -- which has made the homosexual voting block a force in city elections -- will be practiced both on the streets and in Convention Hall, says Harry Britt, a member of San Francisco's law-making Board of Supervisors.
''Politically, we are the leading group in San Francisco,'' Britt said of the homosexual community, estimated at as much as one-fourth of the city's 700,000 population. ''We're going to have a strong, visible presence when the Democrats come to town.''
Britt, the board's only openly gay member, said he has invited homosexual elected officials from around the country to gather in San Francisco during the July 16-20 convention at Moscone Center. Many already have accepted and will take part in organized events, he said.
A massive march is planned for the eve of the convention from the predominantly gay Castro District to either City Hall or Moscone Center, where speakers will discuss gay rights legislation and other matters, said Britt. A permit for the parade is pending.
''There will be a lot of major events to bring attention to lesbian and gay rights, the parade being the obvious one,'' said Britt. ''The march will be directed at the Reagan administration, not against the Democratic Party.''
The march will occur three weeks after San Francisco's annual International Lesbian-Gay Freedom Day Parade, which last year drew more than 250,000 participants and spectators.
Britt said the march on convention eve won't draw nearly that many people, but the small Stonewall Gay Democratic Club predicted that up to 100,000 would turn out for the political parade.
''We will be voting with our feet this summer,'' said march organizer Linda Boyd. In the month before the convention, she said, about 1 million homosexuals will have marched in San Diego, Sacramento, Oakland, San Jose, San Francisco and Los Angeles in support of a Gay Employment Rights Act.
Britt said an issue of overriding concern is the epidemic of the deadly disease AIDS -- Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome -- which mainly strikes gay men. He said medical treatment and research is inadequate and that funerals for victims of the disease that breaks down the body's immune system are almost a daily ritual in gay neighborhoods.
Carole Migden, president of the city's largest gay organization, the Harvey Milk Lesbian and Gay Democratic Club, said it is important that the Democratic Party takes a strong stance in the funding of AIDS research.
''It's not a gay rights issue,'' she said. ''It's the No. 1 prevailing health issue in the United States. It's our top priority - nothing else comes close.''
Last week, California AIDS Task Force chairman Dr. Marcus Conant reported 1,000 new AIDS cases in the San Francisco area. He called the disease a ''medical nightmare'' with the cost of providing treatment and services to patients reaching $70 million to $100 million annually.
Inside the convention, a gay caucus will be formed to bring up such issues as AIDS and a Gay Civil Rights Bill as part of the party platform plank, Britt said. At the 1980 Democratic gathering in New York, the caucus had 80 delegates, but because of rules changes, there may be fewer in the caucus this year.
Britt said ''gay power'' has been successful because of the forming of coalitions with ethnic and minority groups for common goals such as rent control, senior housing and feeding the poor. The unique grass-roots aspect of San Franicsco, he said, has provided ''a marvelous umbrella under which to operate.''
Marches for demonstrating homosexual concerns have become a tradition in San Francisco, Britt said, and began about the time singer Anita Bryant started a nationwide attack on gay lifestyles in the early 1970s.
Although usually peaceful, one march by several thousand gays and supporters broke into an open riot in which City Hall was stoned and police cars torched to protest the relatively light manslaughter verdict in the Dan White murder case.
White, a former supervisor and policeman, was sentenced to seven years for manslaughter after he broke into City Hall in 1978 and fatally shot Mayor George Moscone and gay supervisor Harvey Milk. He was freed on parole recently after five years in prison.
Britt, who won Milk's position on the board, has become a powerful political figure in San Francisco and recently launched a re-election campaign.


End of Document
Page  of Businesses Increasingly Aim at Gay Market



Businesses Increasingly Aim at Gay Market
The Associated Press
January 16, 1984, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Business News
Length: 498 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Increasingly mindful that homosexuals comprise a big and affluent market, purveyors of everything from banking services to pricey liquors are cashing in with ads and messages aimed at gay consumers.
These days, such established businesses as Seagram, Absolut Vodka, Simon & Schuster and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. are sharing space in the Advocate, a national gay news magazine, with such advertisers as gay bathhouses, X-rated theaters and gay-owned shops.
For those who know how to tap a consumer group that favors entertaining, vacations and conspicuous consumption, the market is ripe, say the advertisers and leaders of gay communities.
"In our society, it seems like two things count: votes and money," Advocate publisher Peter Frisch, whose magazine has 89,000 subscribers and claims 450,000 readers, told the Los Angeles Times recently.
One recent ad campaign, for Boodles British Gin, a Seagram brand, offered a $19.95 bar mirror with etched portraits of six historical figures, including Walt Whitman and Oscar Wilde. Savvy readers would know all six were purportedly homosexual.
In a 1982 marketing survey of 1,275 gay men in 11 cities, four out of five said they were more likely to buy products or services from "national businesses … (that) maintained a presence in the gay media or active involvement with the gay community."
Moreover, the survey by Walker & Struman of Los Angeles found that the income of the typical homosexual household, with two employed adults and no children, was $27,200 _ 15 percent above the median family income reported by the 1980 U.S. Census.
Corporations are targeting the gay community in different ways.
Pernod Ricard, the largest distiller in France, hosted a series of Pernod-tasting parties at fancy gay bars in San Francisco last spring, hoping to popularize its anise-flavored cordial. Pernod also donated money to the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Marching Band, which provided a string quartet to play at the parties.
"Eventually we want to get the best of the gay market," said Bud Fenzel, a manager with Austin Nichols & Co., a liquor distributor and distiller that is helping Pernod with its marketing.
He said marketers believe gay people are often trend-setters with products that later become popular among the general public.
"I don't think it could be documented," said Frisch, "but it seems to me gays were drinking vast quantities of white wine before white wine became de rigueur."
Bank of America recently circumvented its own policy against advertising in local publications by placing a series of full-page ads in the gay Castro Times of San Francisco.
The ads "afforded us a very efficient, cost-effective way of reaching an important market," said Charles Stuart, bank vice president for marketing.
The bank's philanthropic division also gave $25,000 to the Pride Center, a gay-oriented service agency.
Although there are no exact statistics, researchers estimate that between 6 percent and 10 percent of the nation's population is gay.


End of Document
Page  of Businesses Increasingly Aim at Gay Market



Businesses Increasingly Aim at Gay Market
The Associated Press
January 16, 1984, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 497 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Increasingly mindful that homosexuals comprise a big and affluent market, purveyors of everything from banking services to pricey liquors are cashing in with ads and messages aimed at gay consumers.
These days, such established businesses as Seagram, Absolut Vodka, Simon & Schuster and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. are sharing space in the Advocate, a national gay news magazine, with such advertisers as gay bathhouses, X-rated theaters and gay-owned shops.
For those who know how to tap a consumer group that favors entertaining, vacations and conspicuous consumption, the market is ripe, say the advertisers and leaders of gay communities.
"In our society, it seems like two things count: votes and money," Advocate publisher Peter Frisch, whose magazine has 89,000 subscribers and claims 450,000 readers, told the Los Angeles Times recently.
One recent ad campaign, for Boodles British Gin, a Seagram brand, offered a $19.95 bar mirror with etched portraits of six historical figures, including Walt Whitman and Oscar Wilde. Savvy readers would know all six were purportedly homosexual.
In a 1982 marketing survey of 1,275 gay men in 11 cities, four out of five said they were more likely to buy products or services from "national businesses … (that) maintained a presence in the gay media or active involvement with the gay community."
Moreover, the survey by Walker & Struman of Los Angeles found that the income of the typical homosexual household, with two employed adults and no children, was $27,200 _ 15 percent above the median family income reported by the 1980 U.S. Census.
Corporations are targeting the gay community in different ways.
Pernod Ricard, the largest distiller in France, hosted a series of Pernod-tasting parties at fancy gay bars in San Francisco last spring, hoping to popularize its anise-flavored cordial. Pernod also donated money to the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Marching Band, which provided a string quartet to play at the parties.
"Eventually we want to get the best of the gay market," said Bud Fenzel, a manager with Austin Nichols & Co., a liquor distributor and distiller that is helping Pernod with its marketing.
He said marketers believe gay people are often trend-setters with products that later become popular among the general public.
"I don't think it could be documented," said Frisch, "but it seems to me gays were drinking vast quantities of white wine before white wine became de rigueur."
Bank of America recently circumvented its own policy against advertising in local publications by placing a series of full-page ads in the gay Castro Times of San Francisco.
The ads "afforded us a very efficient, cost-effective way of reaching an important market," said Charles Stuart, bank vice president for marketing.
The bank's philanthropic division also gave $25,000 to the Pride Center, a gay-oriented service agency.
Although there are no exact statistics, researchers estimate that between 6 and 10 percent of the nation's population is gay.


End of Document
Page  of Gay-Pride Parade Draws Thousands



Gay-Pride Parade Draws Thousands
The Associated Press
July 2, 1984, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 252 words
Byline: By RITA BEAMISH, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Cheered on by at least 60,000 spectators, thousands of flagwavers, dancers, doctors, lawyers, politicians and parents marched through Hollywood in a gay-pride parade.
Some dressed in street clothes and walked in groups behind banners: Gay Fathers, Lawyers For Human Rights, Physicians for Human Rights, Parents and Friends of Gays and Lesbians.
Floats were decorated with balloons.
The yellow-shirted Gay Men's Chorus sang "Hey Look Me Over," and the San Francisco Freedom Day Marching Band, wearing black and red band uniforms, played "San Francisco."
Morris Kight, 65, who founded the parade 14 years ago, said Sunday's even was better and "more spirited" than ever, and included more women than in the past.
"As the person who dreamed this up, it's my happiest day," he said.
Between 3,000 and 4,000 people participated in 150 bands, floats and marching groups, said organizer Arlene Kraushaar.
The gay Metropolitan Community Church's altar-like float carried a choir and ministers singing, "How Great Thou Art."
Police estimated the crowd at 60,000, said sheriff's Deputy Kathy Mullen, while parade organizers said it was more than 100,000.
There was a brief verbal confrontation between marchers and anti-gay demonstraters shouting, "Repent" and other religious slogans. However there was no violence, deputies said. One person was arrested for drunkenness, said Deputy Adam Kahn.
The festival commemorated a 1969 gay riot in New York City. Annual gay pride marches were held in New York and San Francisco on June 24.


End of Document
Page  of Brain tumor remove from Marvin Gay



Brain tumor remove from Marvin Gay
United Press International
May 17, 1984, Thursday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 314 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Surgeons removed a tumor Thursday from the base of the brain of Marvin Gay Sr., the elderly preacher charged with murdering his Grammy award-winning son.
A spokesman for County-USC Medical Center said two neurosurgeons began the operation at 8:24 a.m. PST and completed the procedure at 10:30 a.m. PST. The tumor was located near the pituitary gland.
The tumor was not malignant, spokesman Tony Tripi said.
''Mr. Gay is awake and talking,'' he said. ''His condition is described as good.''
Tripi said Gay is recovering in the hospital's neurological intensive care unit where he will remain for at least two days. He will remain at the hospital for a week, Tripi said.
The tumor has delayed proceedings in Gay's murder trial. The 70-year-old preacher is charged with shooting his son, Marvin Gaye, on April 1 during a heated argument at their Los Angeles home. Gaye added the letter ''e'' to his name when he began his music career.
Gay's attorney, Michael Schiff, said Thursday he will wait to see how swiftly his client recovers to determine when he can appear in court.
On Wednesday Superior Court Judge Michael Pirosh delayed Gay's competency hearing until May 23 to allow the surgery. At that time Gay's doctors will present a progress report so the judge can determine when he can appear in court.
Prior to the surgery, doctors said it could take eight to 12 weeks for the elderly patient to recover from operation, Schiff said.
The attorney said he will request a second psychiatric examination to determine if Gay is mentally competent to stand trial for the shooting. A court appointed attorney concluded in a report May 2 that Gay is competent to stand trial.
Gay's attorneys speculated the tumor may have caused the behavior that led to the shooting. Attorney Arnold Gold said the tumor had to be removed or it could have render Gay blind within months and might have led to his death.


End of Document
Page  of University Recognizes Gay Student Group



University Recognizes Gay Student Group
The Associated Press
February 19, 1982, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1982 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 358 words
Byline: By JOHN NOLAN, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.
Body


University of Tennessee-Chattanooga officials, citing a federal court ruling, said Friday they are reluctantly approving a gay student group's request to register as a campus organization.
Frederick W. Obear, UT-Chattanooga chancellor, said in a statement announcing the approval, "I do this in full understanding that the sentiment of the campus community is largely against this action to register a group advocating by its presence an objectionable lifestyle.
"I affirm that this decision does not imply anything beyond compliance with the minimum requirements set for the registration of all student organizations."
Students for Gay Awareness, a group of about 20 members formed in October, had been repeatedly denied in its efforts to win approval to register as a campus student group.
Lawyers who represented the gay group at the request of the American Civil Liberties Union hailed the decision.
John Alley, one of the lawyers, called it "a victory for the Constitution. You've got to be very tolerant of the other's ideas."
Alley had previously accused the university of violating the First Amendment rights of the gay group's members by inhibiting their freedoms of speech and expression.
Campus registration gives a student organization the right to use university facilities for meetings and ask the student senate for activities money. UT-Chattanooga, which has nearly 8,000 students enrolled, has nearly 100 registered campus organizations.
The Students for Gay Awareness says its purpose is to educate the student body about homosexuality and provide social outlets for gay students.
No other UT campus has a registered gay student group.
In 1979, a gay student group at Austin Peay State University in Clarksville filed suit in U.S. District Court to win campus registration. Judge Thomas Wiseman directed the university and the state Board of Regents, which operates Austin Peay State, to register the group.
Charles M. Temple, UT-Chattanooga executive vice chancellor and registration committee chairman, said in a letter released Friday that the court's ruling in the Austin Peay case required UT-Chattanooga to register the gay student group.


End of Document
Page  of 400 March for Gay Pride



400 March for Gay Pride
The Associated Press
June 21, 1981, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1981 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 349 words
Dateline: SACRAMENTO, Calif.
Body


The Third Annual Sacramento Lesbian-Gay Pride March on Sunday drew about 400 participants who were urged to work harder than ever for gay rights.
The march ended with a rally on the Capitol lawn addressed by Assemblyman Art Agnos, D-San Francisco, the author of legislation that would prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual preference.
"This has been a long, hard struggle for peace and equality," Agnos said in an interview. "It really won't happen until all Americans and Californians realize that gays are like everyone else. They're a normal, stable and healthy element of society."
The march was part of a nationwide commemoration of the 1969 "Stonewall Riots," in which gay patrons of the Stonewall Bar in New York City's Greenwich Village barricaded themselves against the police for a week.
Participants ranged from the Lavender Harmony Band to motorcyclists to associations of gay professionals.
One heckler asked a gay church group, "Do you believe in Christ?" No one answered.
Agnos' bill AB1, the only gay-rights legislation introduced this year, died early this session in the Assembly Labor Relations Committee.
Two years ago, after a march through downtown Sacramento by several thousand homosexuals and supporters from all over the state, an Agnos gay-rights bill made it to the Assembly floor and a similar bill made it to the Senate floor.
Agnos said Sunday that anti-homosexual prejudice was stronger than ever. But he said he would continue to introduce a gay-rights bill numbered AB1 every year "no matter who opposes it, until it is law, and gays have a right to a decent living like everyone else."
Saying that homosexuals are "in every part of society -- doctors, plumbers, priests," Agnos said, "Until we realize … that they're just as capable as anyone else of separating their private lives from everything else, they will have a struggle. All they want is to work and make a living."
Organizers of the march said similar events were being held around the country. The largest Gay Pride celebrations are scheduled for next Sunday in New York and San Francisco, they said.


End of Document
Page  of National Gay Rodeo Held



National Gay Rodeo Held
The Associated Press
August 3, 1981, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1981 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 261 words
Dateline: RENO, Nev.
Body


Many might consider the rodeo the last bastion of male macho.
But that wasn't true this weekend for 70 men and women, all homosexuals, who competed in the Sixth Annual Gay Rodeo in this glittering gambling town.
The rodeo included three days of bronc-riding, bulldogging and barrel racing, capped with a "Stand By Your Man" ball at the Sands Hotel Casino. Neither police nor participants reported any trouble beyond some mild harassment at the State Fairgrounds.
Randy Gray, a 28-year-old bartender in a Sacramento, Calif., gay bar, said he had been treated well at the casinos.
"They're finding out this rodeo is financially to their benefit," said Gray, who participated in the bronc-riding competition.
At least 10,000 people attended the rodeo, which ended Sunday.
No professionals competed, but some of the contestants also take part in other, "straight," amateur and semi-professional rodeos, said Phil Ragsdale, director of the sponsoring Comstock Gay Rodeo Association.
"It's surprising how many are ranch owners, ranch hands and rodeo riders," Ragsdale said. "And yes, we have a lot of urban cowboys. But a lot are actual cowboys and cowgirls."
Ragsdale said the event started as an attempt by Reno's gay community to "change the sterotype of what a gay is supposed to be."
Said Gray, "This is really what the straight world considers the last of the ultimate male macho sport. But when you ride a horse, you don't know whether the cowboy is gay or not."
Some of the contestants came from as far away as Vancouver, British Columbia, but most were from the American West.


End of Document
Page  of Stanford gets gay sculpture



Stanford gets gay sculpture
United Press International
February 22, 1984, Wednesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 250 words
Dateline: STANFORD, Calif.
Body


A sculpture called ''Gay Liberation,'' commissioned at a cost of $150,000 as a monument to gay rights, was on temporary view Wednesday at Stanford University.
The sculpture depicts two women sitting on a park bench and touching each other.
Two men, one wearing an earring, stand in front of the bench. One has his arm around the other's shoulder.
Placement of the statue on campus was approved by Stanford President Donald Kennedy. It is by artist George Segal and was paid for by the Mildred Andrews Fund, a private foundation that sponsors art for public display.
Officials at Stanford said they accepted the work because of the importance of the artist and the quality of the sculpture itself.
Students watched with curiosity as the figures were installed on a grassy area on campus. A few catcalls were heard.
''I think it's great,'' said Jim Woodward, a junior from San Diego. ''I'm definitely a pro-choice person. It probably will be more attractive than many of the sculptures already on campus.''
''When you think about it, it's good to recognize an issue like this and to accept the fact that homosexuality exists within society,'' said sophomore Leticia Villegas.
The San Francisco Art Commission is considering placing the work near a bus station in the city's gay district.
Gerard Koskovich, apeaking for the Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford, said, ''Stanford is a particularly appropriate place for a display of this monument. We have a long and vital tradition of lesbian and gay activism here.''


End of Document
Page  of Judge postpones Gay competency hearing



Judge postpones Gay competency hearing
United Press International
May 16, 1984, Wednesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 414 words
Byline: By JAMES J. DOYLE
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


A Superior Court judge Wednesday granted a postponement in the competency hearing for the father of slain soul singer Marvin Gaye to permit the elderly preacher to have brain surgery.
But Judge Michael Pirosh said he he wanted a written medical report in one week.
Marvin Gay Sr, 70, was scheduled for surgery Thursday morning to remove a walnut-sized tumor from the base of his brain, his attorney said.
Pirosh granted a defense request for an 8 to 12 week delay, but agreed with prosecutors that doctors must report on his condition and prognosis by May 23.
Attorney Michael Schiff said surgeons at County-USC Medical Center planned to remove the tumor near the pituitary gland, which he said was pressing against the underside of Gay's brain.
Schiff said Gay may not be able to attend another court hearing for 8 to 12 weeks, depending on the speed of his recovery.
Zeola Gay, the minister's daughter and sister of the Grammy-ward winning singer, said her father ''is bewildered'' by his medical problems, which his lawyers contend may have caused him to lose control and allegedly shoot his son to death April 1 during an argument.
''He didn't understand the nature of the surgery,'' Ms. Gay said.
Gay admitted to a reporter during a jailhouse interview shortly after his arrest that he shot his son, but ''didn't mean to do it.'' He has pleaded innocent to the murder charge.
Dr. Ronald Markham, a court appointed psychiatrist, told the judge at a May 1 hearing that Gay is ''competent to stand trial … fully oriented, alert, aware of the nature o the proceedings and is open to suggestion and direction.''
At that hearing, Pirosh granted a delay in the competency ruling after Gay's attorneys said further diagnosis and evaluation was needed in light of discovery of the tumor.
Dr. Markham said Gay, a retired Washington, D.C. area preacher, at first seemed not to understand why he was in custody, but in subsequent interviews Gay was less perplexed and, while unaware of the specific charges, was aware he was being held in the death of his son.
Gaye, 44, who changed the spelling of his last name when he became a singer, recorded such hit songs as ''Heard It Through The Grapevine'' and ''What's Going On?'' The coroner's report said Gaye's body contained a small amount of cocaine residue but he was not under the influence of the drug at the time of the shooting.
He had claimed to have kicked the cocaine habit before launching a comeback in 1982 with the hit record ''Sexual Healing.''


End of Document
Page  of SMU rejects gay group



SMU rejects gay group
United Press International
April 20, 1983, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 251 words
Dateline: DALLAS
Body


The Southern Methodist University student senate, bowing to pressure from students, faculty members and alumni, voted not to recognize a homosexual organization.
Leaders of the gay rights group said they would not abandon their struggle to be recognized.
The 17-11 vote Tuesday night against recognizing the Gay and Lesbian Student Support Organization drew loud applause from about 300 students, teachers and alumni who packed the senate chamber.
''This is a direct case showing that democracy will prevail,'' said sophomore Ted Brabham, who voted against recognition.
But the founder of the gay rights group, SMU student Robert Rios, indicated the vote was just one lost round in a continuing struggle.
''If this were not SMU, we would not have been defeated,'' Rios said. ''We'll be back doing whatever it takes to be recognized.''
More than 3,000 signatures against recognition were collected on petitions circulated by the Young Americans for Freedom, a conservative organization. Several senators said they attended private meetings with alumni, who urged them to vote against recognition.
''The response I have received from the trustees and board of governors has been totally negative,'' said SMU president Donald Shields, who added that the chief objection was to the possibility of the gay group receiving university funds.
Jimmy Williams, a 1960 graduate, said recognizing the gay group would ''destroy the hopes and dreams'' of alumni who had given ''millions of their hard earned dollars'' to the school.


End of Document
Page  of Gay softball ''World Series''



Gay softball ''World Series''
United Press International
September 1, 1981, Tuesday, BC cycle


Copyright 1981 U.P.I.
Section: Sports News
Length: 666 words
Dateline: TORONTO
Body


People are surprised to learn that Tom Salzeider plays competitive softball.
The 38-year-old Milwaukee resident is in good health, exercises regularly and maintains a strict diet. So why would anyone be surprised to discover that he is an active participant in a softball league?
Perhaps because Salzeider is homosexual.
''Most people don't identify gays with athletic activities,'' says Salzeider who is treasurer of the North American Gay Amateur Athletic Alliance (NAGAAA).
The homosexual sports organization coordinates the ''Gay World Series,'' which is being held in Toronto this week.
More than 270 players, representing 11 cities, are competing in the week-long tournament which runs through Saturday. Organizers expect from 500 to 800 spectators for the 29 games, culminating in the fifth annual NAGAAA championship.
''People that become aware of us are surprised,'' said Salzeider. ''When they just happen to pass by our games and see us play, they're surprised to learn we're gay.''
''In most people's minds, we're represented by bathhouse raids and Halloween drag queens,'' said Ron Blounton, 32, an organizer for Toronto's gay softball league. ''They find it hard to believe that we are capable of playing a high caliber of ball.''
''A small group of activists get all of the attention but I'm not sure how representative they are. In our league, most people are middle-class professional people interested in their careers and their families just like everybody else. We represent that dimension of gay life.''
Blounton is part of a committee of Toronto-area homosexuals which has been working toward the tournament since 1979. The city was chosen as this year's site because its large homosexual population offered sufficient manpower and organizational resources.
''A tournament like this wouldn't have been possible 10 years ago,'' said Salzeider. ''I came out of the closet in 1971 but that makes me a pioneer.''
''Ten years ago if we had done this, everyone would be wearing Dorothy Kilgallen masks,'' Blounton said, making a joking reference to the late gossip columnist who wore frilly cats eyes' masks on TV's ''What's My Line.''
''Gay people are becoming proud people and gay sports is contributing to that. Our motto is 'gay pride through sports.'''
Blounton ''came out'' seven years ago about the same time he became involved in Toronto's gay softball association.
''I joined the league by accident,'' Blounton said. ''I saw some athletic men playing ball in the park one day and stopped to watch. When I heard what kind of league it was, I asked the manager if he could teach me to play.
''Last month I hit my first home run and it was one of the biggest thrills I had all year.''
Blounton says he is ''no match'' for most of the players participating here.
''In cities like Houston and Los Angeles, they can play eight months of the year,'' Blounton said.
''San Francisco has a huge gay population to draw on and all of the American cities have an advantage in that they've all played baseball since high school.''
David Frazier, 28, has played baseball since grade school. The left fielder, an Atlanta real estate broker, had a tryout with the New York Yankees in 1974, spending two weeks with their Florida State League farm team.
''I never really wanted a career in baseball but I love to play,'' Frazier said. ''I enjoy going to the tournaments we have because I like to see new cities and meet new people.''
Many of the U.S. teams, which must win regional championships to qualify for the North American title, receive travel subsidies from local gay bars.
Participation by lesbians is encouraged although the organizers say this year's tournament drew only a few female competitors.
''Our leagues have grown tremendously in the past four years,'' Blounton said. ''We had 50 players in Toronto in 1977 and we have three times that now. Our world series is a great showcase. Something like this encourages more people to participate. They see us playing and they realize they can do it too.''


End of Document
Page  of Gays demonstrate across nation



Gays demonstrate across nation
United Press International
June 28, 1982, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 519 words
Byline: By DANA WALKER, United Press International
Body


Hundreds of thousands of homosexuals marched nationwide to celebrate Gay Pride Week by reminding Americans ''gays are not going to go away.'' A spectator was run over and killed in San Francisco and jeering Nazis were pelted with rocks and eggs in Chicago.
''There are no freaks here, just nice, sensible, intelligent people,'' Warren Stewart, 81, said of the demonstration Sunday by about 100,000 people in New York City's heavily gay Christopher Street area.
Gays turned out in record numbers in many cities. Colorful demonstrations, parades and festivals were held in New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Houston, Chicago, Des Moines, Iowa, Hartford, Conn., Tucson, Ariz., and Columbus, Ohio.
The New York demonstration began at the site of the Stonewall Inn, where on June 28, 1969, about 200 homosexual men battled police, resulting in three days of riots that are viewed as the birth of the gay liberation movement.
On Christopher Street West in Los Angeles, gay Mormons, gay senior citizens and clothed members of nudist groups were among the more than 65,000 spectators to mark the beginning of Gay Pride Week.
''We still believe in the religion,'' said one of the Mormons, Paul Mortensen, who had been excommunicated for his sexual preference.
About 150 homosexual women riding double on motorcycles and calling themselves ''Dykes on Bikes'' led the parade down San Francisco's Market Street. About 125,000 marched in the parade.
Many of the marchers paraded in scant clothing. Others dressed in leather or as women, waving and blowing kisses.
In Memphis, about 100 people listened to gay rights speeches at Overton Park, where former Playboy bunny and poet Lea Hopkins said the aim of Gay Pride Week was to educate the non-gay public.
''It's mostly an educational process, the process of letting people know gays are not going to go away,'' she said. ''We've been here since the beginning and we will always be here.''
An 18-year-old spectator was run over when he tried to help with a disabled float in San Francisco. The man, whose name was not released, was crushed under the double wheels of a tractor-trailer rig as it moved out of the City Hall area at the end of the parade, said police Sgt. Dennis Schardt. The young man apparently slipped off the trailer and under the wheels of the moving truck.
Few of the thousands who gathered in the city's Civic Center were aware of the mishap as the afternoon filled with music, speeches and dancing continued.
In Chicago, about 20 neo-Nazis arrived at a park dressed in black uniforms and black motorcycle helmets. The party members formed a straight line and were immediately surrounded by hundreds of counter-protesters from Jewish, black and homosexual organizations who began throwing rocks and eggs.
''We don't want your types in our city,'' one Nazi party member told his adversaries. ''We don't want you near our children.''
Police arrested at least 13 people for disorderly conduct.
One of the anti-Nazi organizers, Reuben Samuels, said, ''We consider it a success. They (the Nazis) had to be kept behind a cyclone fence like caged animals. That's understandable.''


End of Document
Page  of Gays and Lesbians on Campus



Gays and Lesbians on Campus
Newsweek
April 5, 1982, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1982 Newsweek
Section: LIFE/STYLE; Pg. 75
Length: 1911 words
Byline: GERALD C. LUBENOW with PAMELA ABRAMSON, PATRICIA KING and bureau reports
Body


I didn't realize I was a lesbian until I came to Mills. When I looked back, I was never with a man I really liked. I didn't know what to call the crushes I had on women. I didn't know what a lesbian was until I was with a woman who was one. We were spending a lot of time together, and one night she said to me, "I really like you. May I kiss you?" I knew right then what I wanted, and I came out pretty quickly on campus. I cut my hair in a butch. I told one roommate, and she gave me a big hug and told me that her younger sister was gay. My other roommate was not quite so overjoyed. She did not talk to me for three days.
-Woman student, 21, Mills College
I had never admitted my sexuality to myself until Gay and Lesbian Awareness Day, April 13, 1980. That was the first time I had any contact with another person I knew to be gay. I knew what I was. I was attracted to other boys. But gay men were always limpwristed, lisping swishes who liked lavender. That's not what I was. I'm not a caricature. I'm not a cartoon. At GLAD day I met real people who were well mannered, intelligent and interesti'ng. And they were gay. And that's what I am.
 -Michael Colantuono, 20, Harvard
Whether exploring the unknown, admitting the obvious or choosing heterosexuality, as the overwhelming majority still do, college students today are confronting the question of sexuality as never before. A growing number are living openly as homosexuals and they have formed a supportive subculture, particularly at large universities. Some lesbians feel so much a part of life at Smith College, the women's college in Northampton, Mass., that one of them says, "It's no longer a question of me being comfortable -it's a question of everyone else." Sometimes not everyone is; sexual tensions have begun to complicate life for straight students who want to let go of prejudice while holding tight to a sexual identity still being formed.
Choosing homosexuality still invites personal scorn and public skirmishes. When John Nowak's fraternity brothers at Michigan State University discovered he was gay, they threw him out of Delta Sigma Phi. His reinstatement battle has become the talk of East Lansing. Last year a superior court judge ruled that Georgetown University was in "unmistakable violation" of the District of Columbia Human Rights Act because it refused to give the same financial support to homosexual student organizations that it gives to other campus groups. (Georgetown's contention that it is exempt from the statute as a religious institution is currently being tested in court.) Recent state Supreme Court decisions also denied efforts by Florida state legislators and University of Oklahoma officials to block recognition of gay campus organizations.
The steady erosion of legal barriers has been accompanied by a more enlightened medical attitude that has discarded the notion of homosexuality as a mental illness. The unsurprising result: gays and lesbians seem to have fewer psychological problems. "Most gay students are clear they are gay and have been since puberty," says Nadja Gould, a clinical social worker at Harvard. "Gay students come in for counseling because they are homesick, or depressed or having romantic problems, not because they are gay." "If you are halfway out and people suspect you of being gay or lesbian, you have problems," adds a Yale lesbian. "But once you come out you have a feeling of community and solidarity."
Commonplace: Hundreds of gay groups operate on campuses around the country, providing everything from housing advice to incoming gay freshmen to an emerging old-boy network to place gay graduates. At the University of Wisconsin at Madison, gay events are as commonplace as the homecoming football game. Perhaps 1,000 gays and lesbians live openly on the 40,000-student campus, and "The United," a four-year-old gay-student organization and social-service agency, has 150 regular volunteers. Earlier this year 200 students from 30 schools gathered in San Francisco for the first Western regional gay-lesbian student conference; a Southwestern conference held its initial meeting in Baton Rouge. Lesbian issues are part of the formal training for every residence counselor in the Wellesley College dorms. Smith lists its lesbian organization alphabetically between junior ushers and lifeguards in the college directory. A national gay Harvard alumni group held a reception for gay graduates at last year's commencement and plans to invite parents to a similar function this June.
In the apolitical '80s, gay organizations are often the most visible and active groups on campus, and their ability to turn out support makes them valued allies in campus coalitions. Gays and lesbians have set up tables in Harvard dining halls, passing out notices that read, "Why are lesbians and gay men eating in your dining hall? We always are. The only difference this time is that we have a sign." At Yale, lesbians regularly study at two tables in Sterling Library, one for smokers and one for nonsmokers.
On coed campuses, there are often separate organizations representing gay men and women because some lesbians think that gay men aren't sensitive to their concerns. One lesbian attributes the friction to the fact that gay men are "still men"; while they may not enjoy society's heterosexual privileges, they do have male privileges. Perhaps because they believe they have more to struggle for, lesbians tend to be more politically active than gay men, even though there are fewer acknowledged lesbians on campus. They are also more preoccupied with their own culture -women's poetry, music and literature -and they spend considerably more time than gay men discussing and exploring their sexual nature. "Men are taught to have sexualities," says Nancy, a Berkeley lesbian. "With women it's a whole different thing. We go through a long process of retrieving our sexuality."
Lesbians seem to be most comfortable and well organized at a handful of all-women colleges and women's schools that have recently gone coed. At Smith they are leaders in every aspect of campus life. They are head residents, captains of athletic teams, even Gold Key Guides, "those preppylooking women with barrettes who show your father where the gym is during orientation," says one Smith student. At Mills, a small women's college in Oakland, Calif., several top officers in last year's student government were lesbians. Lesbians at both schools describe a climate of tolerance at the college and in the surrounding community that makes it easier to examine their sexuality. Northampton and Oakland both have intellectuals.
For some women, more so than for men, homosexual relations arejust an experimental phase. Some lesbians on campus were not homosexual when they came to college and may not be after they leave. "Who knows, I might get married," says a former debutante at Smith who likes to point out that she came out twice. "But he would have to be a god." At Wellesley, where acknowledged lesbians are a tiny -and uneasy -minority one senior says that even among some of the most outspoken lesbians, homosexuality is "not a real thought-out issue." Another woman, at the University of Massachusetts at Boston, refers to women who take "tourist trips through lesbianism." Even some lesbians complain that their life style has a fair amount of trendiness associated with it. Some lesbians at Smith say that straight women sometimes approach them if they want to "try it. "
Few women talk about lesbianism as an exclusively sexual matter. "I get totally weirded out sleeping with a woman," says a lesbian who has had a few affairs. Most simply discover that they feel more comfortable, more natural and happier with women. "For years my women friends cared for me much more than my boyfriend," said a lesbian at Smith. "It took time to figure out what was going on."
Others say that they are lesbians for political as well as personal reasons. The most radical lesbians reject heterosexuality as the oppression of a male-dominated society and maintain that women who are not lesbians cannot be feminists. "You get the feeling that if you need men, you can't be a good feminist," says Ann, a straight student at Mills. Among some straight women at Smith, there is an aversion to describing themselves as feminists for fear of being labeled lesbians. For that reason, many stay away from the Women's Resource Center, a campus group that meets to discuss issues concerning women.
That lesbianism can be defined as whatever one chooses it to be creates understandable conflicts. "It forces you to be introspective, to think about yourself," says a Mills junior. "But if you come to grips with it, aren't you one step closer to it? I don't want to be a lesbian."
Gays and lesbians scoffat the notion that straights can be converted or even drift into homosexuality. But while the unease felt by straight students can hardly be compared to discrimination against gays, it is no less real and is likely to increase in an atmosphere of sexual ambiguity. "I'm tired of people coming up to me and saying, "Hi, I'm gay'," says Debra, a Mills senior. "Ifit's so OK, why do they keep harping on it?" One Harvard woman says that "homosexuality is fine intellectually. But then you're confronted by it, and you don't know what your relationship is. You can't tell who's what anymore. It seems like soon it will be weird to be heterosexual."
Dinner: Parents are confronted with no less a problem, the "guess who's coming to dinner" phenomenon. Gay rights in the abstract is one thing, but a son or daughter bringing a homosexual friend home is something else. Parents often react badly, threatening to pull the student out of school or withdrawing support. "The problem with parents is that their intentions are good," says Jennie Rudolph, a self-confident Harvard lesbian. "They think your life will be miserable. But it's much more miserable pretending to be straight. "
Whatever anguish parents feel, they are not demanding that college administrators reinstate strict regulation of students' private lives. Some officials worry that nondiscrimination against gays will be misinterpreted as support of homosexuality. "There is a feeling that if you are gay it's better to be out of the closet than in," says Harvard assistant dean Marlyn Lewis. "But if it appeared that the college thought this was a good way to live, we might encourage people to try on a form ofbehavior they would later abandon but never forget. It's not like dyeing your hair green to have classmates remember you were gay in your freshman year."
Many gays and lesbians are no longer content to be tolerated as eccentrics. They want to get their sexuality out in the open so they can get it out of the way. The problem, as both straight and gay students see it, is that college may be the closest thing to a perfect world that gays will ever find--prospective employers will not accept open homosexuality as easily as the lab partner in Bio 101 does. A gay professor of public policy at Berkeley is more confident; he argues that the number of gay students at some campuses is so large that "this group may just hold its identity in the larger world." In general gay men seem more confident than lesbians about their ability to succeed in a straight society. But even they acknowledge the concern of a Yale lesbian who says, "The fear we all have is of going out into the real world and back into the closet."

Graphic

 
Picture 1, Socializing at Columbia: 'It's not a question of us being comfortable; it's a question of everyone else', P.F. Bentley--Photoreporters; Picture 2, Lesbians at Mills: A climate of tolerance at the college and in the community, James D. Wilson--Newsweek; Picture 3, Office of the Gay People of Boston University: A supportive subculture, Ira Wyman


End of Document
Page  of The Growing Terror Of 'Gay Bashing'



The Growing Terror Of 'Gay Bashing'
Newsweek
March 23, 1981, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1981 Newsweek
Section: NATIONAL AFFAIRS; Pg. 30
Length: 560 words
Byline: MICHAEL REESE with bureau reports
Body


In Portland, Ore., a 26-year-old homosexual named James Chavez tried to enter what he thought was a gay bar. It wasn't-and two teen-agers promptly beat him to death. In New York City, a former transit cop was arrested last fall after spraying two gay bars with 40 rounds of ammunition, killing two men and wounding six others. "I just don't like faggots," he told detectives. In Riverside, Calif., four University of California basebaIl players were temporarily suspended last week after attacking a campus gay activist. And in San Francisco, where attacks on gays increased four-fold last year, a group called the Butterfly Brigade dispenses whistles and patrols the streets in an effort to protect gays. "Almost every gay I know has been mugged," says Eddie Baca, a recent victim in San Francisco. "It's random, senseless fag bashing by young kids who think they can get away with it."
There are no reliable figures on crimes against gays, in part because many assaults are never reported, but police and gay activists agree that the attacks are increasing. Gays are often attacked simply because they are homosexuals--frequently by roving gangs of youths who consider "gay bashing" great sport. After San Francisco supervisor Harry Britt, an avowed gay, was attacked by youths in broad daylight, he said: "It wasn't my wallet they were after." But increasingly, gays are preyed upon by other gays. A recent study of homosexual murders in North America found that only one-third of the killings were committed by "gay-bashing gangs," while the rest were done by male prostitutes and homosexual hustlers. In New York City, for instance, police have recorded at least 33 incidents since last fall of gays who have picked up other men in bars, taken them home and woken up hours later to find their drinks had been laced with drugs and their homes robbed.
|Have-Nots': Why the increase? Psychiatrists have traditionally held that many assailants--gay and straight alike--are motivated by anger stemming from their own sexual ambivalence. Now there seem to be other reasons as well. As crime rates increase nationwide (page 46), gays seem easy targets, stereotypically perceived as too effeminate to fight back. Others cite a more conservative climate and the rise of antigay groups like the Moral Majority. "The extreme right is beginning to exercise its muscle in brutal form," says New York City Councilwoman Miriam Friedlander. There is still another theory. "The have-nots are frustrated, angry," says Portland psychiatrist Edward Colbach. "Anyone considered a deviant is a perfect scapegoat."
Many gays are starting to fight back. In some cities, activists are lobbying police for more protection, and street patrols manned by gay volunteers exist in both San Francisco and Boston. Community groups are also trying to reduce friction between gays and their adversaries; in San Francisco, for example, Latino teen-agers are taught about gay life-styles. Self-defense workshops are becoming increasingly popular in many of the nation's gay ghettos: one controversial study done at Stanford University suggests that half the gay assaults could be prevented if the victim resists. No one expects the problem--rooted in centuries of prejudice--to disappear, and many homosexuals fear the problem will worsen by summer when teen gangs have more time on their hands.

Graphic

 
Picture, Protest in New York: Easy targets?, Allen G. Arpad


End of Document
Page  of A Gay City on the Hill?



A Gay City on the Hill?
Newsweek
November 5, 1984, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1984 Newsweek
Section: NATIONAL AFFAIRS; Pg. 46
Length: 785 words
Byline: DANIEL PEDERSEN in West Hollywood
Body


That government may be best which governs least, but West Hollywood, Calif., takes Jeffersonian principle one better: it has no government at all. That promises to change next week, when voters are expected to incorporate the pocket of Los Angeles County land and select a city council. If they do, they will probably make history. West Hollywood has a large and thriving homosexual community, and its new city council may turn out to be the first lawmaking body in the United States in which avowed gays constitute a majority.
For gay activists, the local election is a national opportunity: a chance to erase, as National Gay Task Force director Virginia Apuzzo puts it, "the stereotypic image of us that makes this a story." For locals like Steve Smith, 37, once appointed to the Democratic National Committee with the support of Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, it is a chance to escape the back corridors and live out a fifth-grade dream of first-person civics. "You don't run in Orange County. You don't even think about it," says the well-financed and heavily endorsed legislative aide, one of 20 gay council candidates in a field of 40 vying for five seats. "But the base is there, the time has come, and West Hollywood may be the place." However, for some residents of West Hollywood -- opponents of incorporation -- the election represents a danger. Their whispered fear: that gay control of the council will fuel an influx from across the country to the new Gay City on the Hill.
Bohemian Air: West Hollywood has long been a gay place, in the older meaning of the word. In the '20s and '30s, its strategic position just beyond the reach of the Los Angeles Police Department allowed gambling casinos and speakeasies to flourish along its Sunset Strip, soon to be fabled for the carousings of the movie colony. In the Bohemian air, diversity grew.
Today, West Hollywood packs more than just 35,000 people into its two square miles: it boasts world-class hotels and restaurants, apartments full of elderly Jews, yuppified side streets, a bar for leather fetishists. And interspersed with important segments of the music and interior-design industries are more than 100 gay-owned or gay-oriented businesses, including two banks. That complex sometimes obscures West Hollywood's real demographics. Gay (30 to 40 percent) is a far less inclusive label than Democrat (70 percent) or renter (88 percent).
That last category -- gay and straight -- may determine how the Nov. 6 election comes out. "Sex is their private business," says cane-carrying tenant Dorothy Strassberg. "I don't care what the council people do, as long as they do what they have to do -- vote for rent control." It was the impending expiration of Los Angeles County's increasingly weak rent-control ordinance, a prospect that terrified West Hollywood's low-income elderly, that easily mustered the 5,000 signatures necessary to put incorporation on the ballot. And the issue remains the primary reason why West Hollywood seems destined to become a city next week, with recent surveys showing more than 70 percent of registered voters for incorporation. Most council candidates favor toughened control as the new council's first order of business when it takes office.
In fact, there is no particular gay agenda for the new city. "What," asked one exasperated cityhood organizer, "is a gay position on zoning?" Still, the "gay issue" has emerged in the campaign's closing weeks. Counseling service administrator Valerie Terrigno says business people often tell her, "You've got my vote because I don't want a gay takeover." Then she informs them she's a lesbian. Disco owner Scott Forbes attended a forum where the moderator announced that candidates from "both groups" were present. "The city's consisted of these two groups for years," says an upset Forbes, "and nobody's ever separated them before.
No Difference: A group called Keep West Hollywood United has organized against cityhood and is reported to be spending $100,000 on 11th-hour mailings. A poll funded by members of the organization aroused considerable anger in the gay community, which thought some of its questions were biased against gays. But group spokesmen deny any such sentiment. "I've told the campaign manager that if there's anything antigay in the campaign, I'd rip up the checkbook and break both his legs," insists cowboy-hatted spokesman Banks Montgomery, a fifth-generation land owner on the Sunset Strip. That promise may be as politically savvy as it is tolerant, as the controversial poll showed. Asked if they'd be more or less likely to vote for the incorporation of West Hollywood if it meant gay control, a majority of residents answered that it makes no difference.

Graphic

 
Picture, Smith with Kennedy: The real issue is rent control, BART BARTHOLOMEW--BLACK STAR


End of Document
Page  of California Gay Community Becoming Powerful Political Force



California Gay Community Becoming Powerful Political Force
The Associated Press
June 20, 1982, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1982 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 481 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


California's homosexual community, increasingly visible and vocal in recent years, is flexing its political muscle and finding a niche in the Democratic Party.
"During the past several years, gays have become a very powerful factor in Democratic party politics," said southern California party chairman Peter Kelly.
"It's been a classic case of a group turning out votes and raising money to make themselves a heard and respected part of the power structure," just as blacks and women have done in previous decades, he said.
Some gay leaders credit at least part of their strength to an arch-foe: John Briggs, the former Republican state senator from Fullerton who sponsored a 1978 proposition designed to keep homosexual teachers out of state classrooms.
The measure was rejected by 58 percent of state voters, and Scott P. Anderson, associate editor of the Advocate, California's largest gay newspaper, said Briggs "did a tremendous service for the gay movement.
"What happened in 1978 was a whole lot of people got politicized who never had anything to do with gay politics before."
The battle against the proposition also brought new allies to the movement, especially non-gay liberals who saw the measure as a threat to civil rights in general.
Now, said Steve Smith of the gay-oriented Metropolitan Elections Committee of Los Angeles, "one of our strengths is our ties to the non-gay community, which has given us good contacts with the non-gay world."
A killing in San Francisco also has been cited as a major element in bringing new cohesiveness and commitment to the homosexual community. In 1978, Harvey Milk, the first avowed gay member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors and a symbol of gay power in the city, was shot to death in his City Hall office. Another gay community leader, Harry Britt, was named to replace Milk.
The Metropolitan Elections Committee is the wealthiest of gay political groups. It raised $160,000 for candidates in this year's June 8 primary. Among its beneficiaries were Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr., whose successful Democratic senatorial nomination campaign received $5,000, and Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley, who received $4,000 in his successful campaign for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination.
Brown appointed the nation's first openly gay judge, Stephen M. Lachs, to the Los Angeles Superior Court and issued an executive order banning discrimination against homosexuals in state government hiring.
Gray Davis, Brown's former chief of staff, also cited a recent Metropolitan Elections Committee fund-raising dinner as "a remarkable show of political strength" for the gay community.
The guest list for the Los Angeles dinner, which drew 1,100 people last March, included Brown, Bradley, Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., all 15 members of the City Council, school board members and a host of Democratic officeholders and primary election candidates.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Games open in San Francisco



Gay Games open in San Francisco
United Press International
August 28, 1982, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Sports News
Length: 329 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Ceremonies opening the first international Gay Games drew 1,300 athletes from around the world Saturday amid a $30,000 scrap heap of souvenirs bearing a forbidden Gay Olympic Games logo.
With bands playing, flags flying and rock 'n roll music from Tina Turner, the festive ceremonies at Kezar Stadium in Golden Gate Park marked the beginning of the nine-day homosexual sports competition.
Organizers said they suffered a stinging financial blow Friday when the court forbid the event's months-long billing as the Gay Olympic Games.
Thousands of dollars in souvenirs, buttons, T-shirts and other paraphernalia, already printed with the forbidden name, had to be changed or tossed. One Gay Games board member estimated the loss at $30,000.
The Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals denied their request for an emergency order allowing the use of the word ''Olympic.''
The U.S. Olympic Committee had claimed exclusive control of the word. Sponsors vowed to continue the battle, even if it meant going to trial.
Athletes from 28 states and 10 countries marched in a opening day parade as several thousand spectators cheered.
Attorney Mary Dunlap, representing Gay Game sponsors, charged the Olympic Committee with ''a specific discriminatory motive and intent … animosity and ill will directed against gay-lesbian persons.''
Nevertheless, she said, ''The most important thing is that the games are going to be a great success.''
Game Director Dr. Tom Waddell, who finished sixth in the decathlon at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics, said he hoped the gathering of homosexual athletes would help erase the effeminate stereotype of gay men.
The first competition of the games, which have some heterosexual entrants, begins at 8 a.m. Sunday at the Polo Field in Golden Gate Park.
Athletes and organizers alike said the spirit of the games was that of community -- gay, international, pan-cultural, pan-sexual, with 40 percent of the participants being women and some of the games involving co-ed teams.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Power in Macho Houston



Gay Power in Macho Houston
Newsweek
August 10, 1981, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1981 Newsweek
Section: NATIONAL AFFAIRS; Pg. 29
Length: 686 words
Byline: MELINDA BECK with STRYKER McGUIRE in Houston
Body


Later this summer political candidates in Houston will march, one by one., into a dingy office on Main Street to seek the endorsement of one of the city's most powerful political organizations. Those who win the group's support will have their names listed on wallet-size endorsement cards, 30,000 of which will be sent to a highly confidential computerized mailing list. As the Nov. 3 election approaches, volunteers will pass out 25,000 additional cards at bars, discos and other nightspots. The tactics are simple and highly effective, and the outcome of this year's mayoral race in Houston--the nation's fifth largest city--may well depend on the blessing of this single, anomalous group: the Houston Gay Political Caucus.
Given the city's macho image and conservative politics, gay power in Houston seems a rather unlikely phenomenon. But the city's growth and increasing diversity have weakened the power of traditional political blocs, and the GPC has emerged as one of the best-organized special-interest groups in town. According to leaders in the gay community, the Houston area has 300,000 homosexual residents. Gay community leader Ray Hill estimates that the GPC directly influences as many as 50,000 votes--and for several reasons, its political power extends well beyond that number. Homosexuals tend to vote in greater proportions than most other segments of the population. And many Houston gays live in Montrose, an eclectic, gentrifying neighborhood of galleries and boutiques, where they share many interests with other upscale residents. Local politicians estimate that for every gay vote the GPC brings in, an additional straight vote hews to the GPC line.
The group works for candidates in two ways: through its mailing list and through street activities in Montrose and other neighborhoods. Volunteers "push" the endorsement cards at gay and straight hangouts, and in the final weeks of the campaign, GPC leaders will escort their candidates to eight or ten bars a night, reaching several thousand potential voters each evening. This year the group will also provide phonebank teams and host workshops to teach campaign workers how to budget their time and energy. The group's support already has proved pivotal. In 1979, when city councilman Frank Mann derided Houston homosexuals as "oddwads," the group supported opponent Eleanor Tinsley, who won. And freshman state Rep. Debra Danburg, whose district includes Montrose, credited her 68 per cent victory last fall to GPC backing.
Moderate: GPC support is not an unalloyed beneflt. "There are more people who are intolerant of gays than people who are tolerant," says Democratic mayoral candidate Kathy Whitmire, an early leader in the polls who hopes to win the GPC's endorsement. Gays in Montrose have been harassed by youth gangs and sometimes by the police. Last year, for example, a Houston police officer was indicted for negligent homicide in the fatal shooting of a secretary at GPC headquarters; the case will go to trial later this summer. Still, the GPC endorsement probably brings in more votes than it drives away--in part, because gay leaders have been careful to remain moderate, to stay out of emotional races such as schoolboard elections and to avoid confrontational tactics. "This is not the 1960s," says GPC political organizer Kent Speer. "The bottom line is electoral politics."
To win the GPC's backing, candidates must demonstrate a commitment to homosexual rights. Some gay leaders eventually hope to overturn a Texas statute that outlaws sex between consenting adults of the same sex, but most gay political activists are pushing less controversial causes. For now, they want what most Montrose residents want: better police protection and improved city services for their transitional, inner-city neighborhood. Though the group endorsed incumbent Mayor Jim McConn in 1979, it may support Whitmire, a gay-rights sympathizer and Montrose resident, in the November election. In any event, both candidates will woo the GPC in the months ahead for one simple reason: gay political power in Houston has come out of the closet.

Graphic

 
Picture, Community leader Hill: One straight vote for every vote the GOP brings in, Ed Martinez--Montrose Voice


End of Document
Page  of 75,000 Turn Out for Gay Pride Parade



75,000 Turn Out for Gay Pride Parade
The Associated Press
June 21, 1981, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1981 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 451 words
Dateline: WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif.
Body


An estimated 75,000 persons turned out Sunday for a festive parade to kick off national Gay Pride Week, authorities said.
The 12th annual Gay and Lesbian Pride Parade was one of several events around the country Sunday in support of homosexual rights.
The parade, featuring the Los Angeles Gay Marching Band and floats, at one point stretched along the full length of the two-mile route along Santa Monica Boulevard in the heart of Los Angeles' gay community. The most applause went to a group marching as the "Parents of Gay Children."
Police reported there was no trouble at the parade and a carnival afterwards.
In Sacramento, the city's Third Annual Lesbian-Gay Pride March drew about 400 participants who were urged to work harder than ever for gay rights.
The march ended with a rally on the Capitol lawn addressed by Assemblyman Art Agnos, D-San Francisco, the author of legislation that would prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual preference.
"This has been a long, hard struggle for peace and equality," Agnos said in an interview. "It really won't happen until all Americans and Californians realize that gays are like everyone else. They're a normal, stable and healthy element of society."
The march was part of a nationwide commemoration of the 1969 "Stonewall Riots," in which gay patrons of the Stonewall Bar in New York City's Greenwich Village barricaded themselves against the police for a week.
Participants ranged from the Lavender Harmony Band to motorcyclists to associations of gay professionals.
One heckler asked a gay church group, "Do you believe in Christ?" No one answered.
Agnos' bill AB1, the only gay-rights legislation introduced this year, died early this session in the Assembly Labor Relations Committee.
Two years ago, after a march through downtown Sacramento by several thousand homosexuals and supporters from all over the state, an Agnos gay-rights bill made it to the Assembly floor and a similar bill made it to the Senate floor.
Agnos said Sunday that anti-homosexual prejudice was stronger than ever. But he said he would continue to introduce a gay-rights bill numbered AB1 every year "no matter who opposes it, until it is law, and gays have a right to a decent living like everyone else."
Saying that homosexuals are "in every part of society -- doctors, plumbers, priests," Agnos said, "Until we realize … that they're just as capable as anyone else of separating their private lives from everything else, they will have a struggle. All they want is to work and make a living."
Organizers of the march said similar events were being held around the country. The largest Gay Pride celebrations are scheduled for next Sunday in New York and San Francisco, they said.

Graphic

 
Laserphoto LA4


End of Document
Page  of Gay-Rights Group Supports South Shore Congressman



Gay-Rights Group Supports South Shore Congressman
The Associated Press
October 21, 1984, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 299 words
Dateline: BOSTON
Body


Gays across the nation consider U.S. Rep. Gerry Studds' re-election so "vital" that one gay-rights group has contributed $10,000 to his campaign, the maximum allowed by law.
"We've got someone in Congress who is openly gay, and that's a milestone for us," said Vic Basile, head of the Washington-based Human Rights Campaign Fund.
Studds is the only acknowledged homosexual in Congress, according to his campaign manager, Peter Fleischer. The Democrat, who represents southeastern Massachusetts and Cape Cod, admitted his homosexuality during his congressional censure last year for a 1973 affair with a House page.
Basile said his gay-rights group contributed the maximum amount allowed by law and the most it has ever given to any candidate. "His re-election is the most vital issue of the campaign," he said.
Fleischer said Sunday that the group donated the money to Studds's campaign because "he's acknowledged without shame that he's gay," not for any particular legislation he's supported.
"I don't think there's much news in a story about a gay organization supporting a gay candidate," Fleischer said.
The Human Rights Campaign Fund has raised $70,000 during the last two years for candidates across the country, Basile said.
Fleischer said the $10,000 contribution to Studds' campaign was the only one he knew of from gay supporters.
He said the contribution could do nothing but good for the congressman's campaign. "Any campaign contribution will certainly help the campaign.
"I think that there should be as much substantial support from the gay community as one would hope for from the nuclear freeze community, people worried about Central America and women's groups," Fleischer said.
Studds is an outspoken opponent of the Reagan administration's policies on nuclear arms and Central America.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Voter Registration Drive Starting



Gay Voter Registration Drive Starting
The Associated Press
September 23, 1983, Friday, PM cycle


Copyright 1983 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Washington Dateline
Length: 394 words
Byline: By EVANS WITT, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


Just as women, blacks and Hispanics are building political power through the ballot box in 1984, homosexuals are seeking more clout by registering 1 million new voters in the coming year.
A coalition of national and local homosexual groups kicked off their voter registration effort _ called " '84 and Counting" _ with a news conference Thursday emphasizing the bipartisan nature of the effort.
"We're not ever going to get to first base unless we count," said Virginia M. Apuzzo, executive director of the National Gay Task Force. "Politicians surely have one capability _ they do know how to count votes."
"It's important for the politicians to know the strength of our numbers," said Mike Walsh of the Gay Rights National Lobby. "Our numbers will help erase our invisibility."
"It's not just Democrats and liberals in the gay community," said Carolyn Handy, president of the Walt Whitman Republican Club, adding that Reagan could get the votes of GOP homosexuals.
"The Republican gay community has not made up its mind on President Reagan," she said.
Ms. Apuzzo said the voter registration drive will be executed by community organizations with the national groups helping out with technical assistance, expertise and some money.
Other national groups involved in the effort are the Human Rights Campaign Fund, National Association of Gay and Lesbian Democratic Clubs and National Coalition of Black Gays.
Getting ready for the 1984 elections seems to mean launching a voter registration drive in 1983 for many groups. Major efforts have already been announced to register blacks, women and Hispanics.
The homosexual groups say about 10 percent of the population is homosexual, which would mean about 16.5 million homosexuals of voting age, based on the 165 million Americans over age 18. The spokesmen said there are no reliable figures on the number or percentage of homosexuals who are registered to vote, but that their goal is to add 1 million new voters in the next 13 months.
Ms. Apuzzo said that the homosexual community wants to be "a major presence at both the Republican and Democratic conventions." She said there were only four openly homosexual delegates at the 1976 Democratic convention, but 77 at the 1980 gathering.
"This effort reflects our continuing determination as gay men and lesbians to be involved in the decisions that affect our lives," she said.


End of Document
Page  of Gay prom fighter writes book



Gay prom fighter writes book
United Press International
July 14, 1981, Tuesday, BC cycle


Copyright 1981 U.P.I.
Section: Lifestyle
Length: 455 words
Byline: By STEVE SZKOTAK, By United Press International
Body


As a reticent, frail-looking 18-year-old last year, Aaron Fricke was an unlikely national hero for any cause.
But when he took on the Cumberland, R.I., school system and won a much-publicized federal court battle allowing him to bring a male date to his senior prom, he was thrust into the forefront of the gay rights movement.
Since then, Fricke has written a small book on his experiences in Rhode Island, is encouraging other gays to ''come out of the closet'' and has made the TV and radio show talk circuit as a gay celebrity.
''I find that everything in my life revolves around that political statement I made last year. Right now, it's something that's good, and I hope to remain politically active,'' he said in a telephone interview.
Fricke, now 19, said his battle involved more than just his right to attend the prom with the date of his choice.
''I was fighting oppression, and that's not strictly a gay issue. Growing up is hard for everybody, but it's especially hard growing up gay,'' Fricke said. ''I was able to be open and honest, but we still have a long way to go.''
Last May, a federal judge said Fricke could attend the Cumberland senior prom at a country club in Sutton, Mass., near Cumberland, with Paul Guilbert. He put up with taunts and jeers from fellow students after announcing his decision.
During most of the trial, Fricke sported a black eye that an underclassman gave him in an attack in a school hall.
U.S. District Chief Judge Raymond J. Pettine said Fricke's right to attend the prom outweighed school officials' concern that his appearance might spark violence.
Fricke wrote ''Reflections of a Rock Lobster: A story about growing up gay,'' in five months in his new home just outside Los Angeles. In 116 pages it tells of his life in Cumberland and his growing awareness of sexual preference.
He writes of his initial homosexual encounters -- in the first grade, the mounting indignation he felt as his homosexuality became more apparent to his disapproving friends and classmates, and later of bold forays -- called ''cruising'' -- into downtown Providence gay hangouts.
''The students' names are mostly made up. I'm sure all the mothers in Cumberland are trying to figure out who is who,'' Fricke said.
The book, although sophomoric at times, is often funny, touching and sad, but seldom vindictive. It takes its name from a popular new wave rock song, and is dedicated to Judge Pettine, publisher Sasha Alyson, several gay rights activists and actress Hedy Lamarr, a favorite of Fricke.
''No, I never look back and regret anything, except for the years I wasn't able to communicate (his gayness) with other people,'' Fricke said. ''I'm happy that I can help gay kids and give them a positive identity.'


End of Document
Page  of Gays hope to register 1 million voters



Gays hope to register 1 million voters
United Press International
September 22, 1983, Thursday, BC cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Washington News
Length: 221 words
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


Homosexual political activitists announced a voter registration drive Thursday that they hope will sign up 1 million new voters by election day.
At a news conference that included Democrats, Republicans and independents, Virginia Apuzzo, executive director of the National Gay Task Force, said the bipartisan effort had the support of 25 gay organizations in major cities nationwide.
''To many the gay, lesbian community appears to be an invisible population,'' she said. ''But the broad base of support for this effort assures that we will be able to reach out to most of the 20 million gay men and lesbians in America through a well-developed community structure.''
Carolyn Handy, president of the Walt Whitman Republican Club in Washington, emphasized the group was not organizing with the ultimate purpose of opposing President Reagan's re-election campaign in 1984.
She said the purpose of the effort was only to register gay and lesbian voters and not try to dictate political positions.
''The gay Republican community has not made a decision on President Reagan yet,'' she said. ''But what we do want is to make sure he is more responsive to gays. We'd like more cooperation on gay issues.''
Ms. Apuzzo refused to speculate on what candidates homosexuals would support, saying the most important thing was to register voters.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Games In San Francisco



Gay Games In San Francisco
The Associated Press
August 28, 1982, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1982 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 204 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Gay athletes representing 149 cities around the world converged on San Francisco's Kezar Stadium Saturday to begin nine days of Athletic competition.
"People will see some very fine athletes," said Dr. Thomas Waddell, the games organizer.
"If they're coming to see some kind of gay extravaganza, they're going to be very disappointed."
Competitors include non-gays as well as homosexual men and women, said Waddell, who finished sixth in the decathlon at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics.
He said it's not so important how well the athletes perform. But rather, he expressed hopes that the runners, swimmers and weightlifters will help erase the stereotype of homosexuals as "men with lisps who cross their legs like women, mince down the street and have wrist drop."
The 1,300 contestants would have competed in "Gay Olympic Games." But the U.S. and International Olympic committees went to court and successfully blocked use of the word "Olympic" for the event.
Sixteen Olympic-type events were scheduled. Among non-Olympic events were bowling, billiards and softball.
Tina Turner was giving a concert as part of the ceremony marking the start of the games. And the gay Freedom Day Marching Band and Twirling Corps was going to perform.


End of Document
Page  of Report Gays Have Powerful TV Lobby



Report Gays Have Powerful TV Lobby
The Associated Press
May 26, 1981, Tuesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1981 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 460 words
Dateline: RADNOR, Pa.
Body


A group lobbying on behalf of gays has become so influential that major televison networks and producers check with representatives of homosexual groups before planning programs with gay themes, TV Guide reported today.
In Hollywood, producers generally consult with Newton Deiter, a Los Angeles psychologist and head of the Gay Media Task Force, who is "finely attuned to lisping, limp-wristed mannerisms," the magazine said.
"With such an amiable relationship now the general rule, it is arguable that gays have become the most effective lobby in television," TV Guide added.
The report said gays were not an issue during the first 20 years of television because they were seldom portrayed.
Ronald Gold, a gay activist and former staff reporter for Variety, the entertainment industry weekly, is credited with calling the networks' attention to their depiction of gays, according to the magazine.
"I told the networks: You're violating your own tradition by compromising with bigotry. You wouldn't have a black character saying, 'I don't know if I'm lazy and shiftless,' or give the Ku Klux Klan equal time to represent its point of view," Gold said. "But you have gays saying, 'I don't know if I'm sick,' and you pay careful attention to the Anita Bryants."
The magazine said that in 1973, a "Marcus Welby, M.D." episode in which actor Robert Young assured a gay husband that he'd get better with proper care provoked a sit-in at ABC Chairman Leonard Goldenson's office.
Another Welby episode about a teacher who molested a 14-year-old boy sparked a nationwide protest that caused several major affiliates to refuse to broadcast the program and some sponsors to cancel spots.
Soon afterwards, the National Gay Task Force persuaded the National Association of Broadcasters' Television Code Review Board to issue a directive saying its injunction that "material with sexual connotations shall not be treated exploitatively or irresponsibly" applied to homosexuals.
Another factor in the power of the gay lobby was the implied pressure of millions of gays around the country possessing the kind of disposable income sought after by TV advertisers.
Consequently, all three networks began consulting with Deiter on scripts involving gay characters, despite the objections of some producers who claimed it constituted "cleverly disguised censorship," according to the magazine.
"By the mid-'70s, half the situation comedies on television had done a positive gay show that often made its point by having a particularly macho character announce his homosexuality," TV Guide said.
By the 1976-77 season, gays on televison had completed the transition from "invisibility to saturation," with at least four series featuring gay male characters in prominent roles, the magazine said.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Caucus Leaders Upset at Lance Reports



Gay Caucus Leaders Upset at Lance Reports
The Associated Press
July 19, 1984, Thursday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 505 words
Byline: By JAMES H. RUBIN, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Leaders of the gay rights caucus at the Democratic National Convention expressed anger Thursday over reports that Bert Lance, designated general chairman of Walter Mondale's presidential campaign, privately has expressed hostility to their cause.
"We have received reports that Mr. Lance had been quoted as saying he was less than enthusiastic about our participation in the (Democratic) party," said Peter Vogel, caucus co-chairman.
"If he is hostile to the (gay and lesbian) community, it leads many of us to wonder" about the Mondale campaign's commitment to gay rights, he said.
Vogel said the caucus, organized by the National Association of Gay and Lesbian Democratic Clubs, is seeking a meeting with Lance "to put these rumors to rest."
Lance could not be reached immediately for comment.
Caucus members also said they were pressing for reassurances from Mondale and his designated running mate, Rep. Geraldine Ferraro, that gay rights issues would not be shunted aside in the campaign against President Reagan.
"We will continue to hold their feet over the fire," said Vogel, a delegate from New York City.
He said the caucus formally asked Mondale to include mention of gay rights in the candidate's acceptance speech Thursday evening.
"We told him of our great desire" to be mentioned favorably in the speech, said Gwenn Craig of San Francisco, also a delegate and caucus co-chairman.
Caucus members said they generally were pleased over the amount of visibility they have received here, about gay rights positions in the platform and by a mention in the Rev. Jesse Jackson's convention speech Tuesday. He said gay men and lesbians were welcome members of his "rainbow coalition" of those who have suffered discrimination.
"We have been far more than ever before treated as a constituency" by the Democratic Party, said Vogel. But he expressed concern over erosion in the party's commitment, particularly if the reports about Lance are accurate.
"The South too has changed and lesbian and gay men are part of the South too," Vogel said.
Lance is from Georgia and was former President Jimmy Carter's budget director before he was forced to resign in 1977 over controversy involving his finances.
Carole Midgen, a delegate from San Francisco, said it was "asinine and ludicrous" for the caucus to "damn" Lance and others in the party who are hostile to homosexuals.
"Let's not kid ourselves. They don't like us," she said. But she added that the progress that gay rights made in the party platform overshadowed any personal dislikes.
Caucus members also denounced Gov. Martha Layne Collins of Kentucky, the convention chairman.
They said she has refused to meet with the caucus to discuss "oppressive" laws in Kentucky against sodomy.
With little controversy, the convention adopted a number of platform planks favoring gay rights. They include support for legislation to outlaw discrimination based on sexual orientation, more money for finding a cure for the sexually-transmitted disease AIDS and a denunciation of violence against gays.


End of Document
Page  of San Francisco to close gay bathhouses



San Francisco to close gay bathhouses
United Press International
April 8, 1984, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 321 words
Byline: By JAMES O. CLIFFORD
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


The city's health director, with the backing of Mayor Dianne Feinstein, Monday will announce the closing of bathhouses catering to homosexuals in a campaign to slow the spread of AIDS.
The announcement was to be made by Public Health Director Dr. Mervyn Silverman, who was expected to say the decision was based on health issues and not politics.
Some members of San Francisco's large gay community oppose any bathhouse shutdown on grounds it would inhibit the homosexual lifestyle. But one gay activist leader says he thinks the bathhouses have become nothing more than ''orgy rooms.''
Feinstein has approved of a shutdown but left the matter officially up to Silverman.
''If this were a heterosexually related problem it would be resolved by now,'' the mayor said last week.
AIDS is an acronym for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, an incurable disease that eventually proves fatal and is spread by homosexual contact among males.
A poll published Sunday by the San Francisco Examiner said 80 percent of the people responding want to ban gay sex in bathhouses or close them down altogether.
The poll of adult San Franciscans also said gays were evenly divided on the issue.
Silverman had been expected to announce the closure of gay bathhouses 10 days ago but backed off without giving any reason. He then began talking with members of the gay community before making an official decision.
Estimates of the number of homosexuals in San Francisco range from 25,000 to 100,000.
Gay activist Larry Littlejohn has taken the first step in qualifying a proposition for the November ballot that would ban sex in the bathhouses. His measure would force operators to ''keep their areas well lit and not set up these orgy rooms like they have now,'' Littlejohn said.
Silverman has maintained that restrictive measures would not remove the threat of spreading AIDS because promiscuous sexual behavior among male homosexuals could occur elsewhere.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Rights Booth Stirs Controversy



Gay Rights Booth Stirs Controversy
The Associated Press
August 11, 1983, Thursday, AM cycle


Copyright 1983 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 374 words
Byline: By DALE LEACH, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: COLUMBUS, Ohio
Body


The Ohio Lesbian and Gay Network booth at the nation's largest state fair may not be as popular as the cotton candy and midway rides, but gay rights activists believe it is gaining acceptance.
"Every year, it gets easier," said Craig Covey, director of Stonewall Union, a Columbus-based gay rights organization. "Every year, we get less harassment and less negative comments."
The group has occupied the same booth, tucked away toward the back of the fairground, for each Ohio State Fair since 1978. The fair attracts an estimated 3 million-plus visitors.
"The reception has always varied … from people who genuinely have a religious concept that this is opposed to God's will and, you know, a very stereotypical view, to people who recognize us as a viable minority … and that we are everywhere," said booth worker Frances Dostal of Cleveland.
Not all of those who stop to talk are friendly, and arguments are not uncommon.
"We enjoy that, though," Ms. Dostal said. "We get a good crowd. Sometimes people walking by will get involved and we'll have a huge discussion. The other night, we must have had 15 people standing here arguing."
However, "I would say a larger number of people that come by smile and say, 'It's good to see you,"' she said.
Ms. Dostal said she is heterosexual but supports gay rights.
This year, the booth offers a number of pamphlets about homosexuality, including an informational brochure about Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, an often fatal disease that scientists say is more likely to occur among homosexuals than heterosexuals.
The booth also invites fairgoers to sign one petition urging the repeal of "offensive and demeaning language" about homosexuals in the nation's immigration laws and another opposing infringements on homosexuals' civil rights. Covey estimated more than 500 people have signed each petition.
Ms. Dostal acknowledges that a booth at a state fair in Middle America might not be the most likely place to champion homosexual rights.
However, she said, "We like people to know that even in the Midwest, which has never been a mecca for gay people … that more and more (gay) people are staying.
"They are not migrating to the coasts as they had to do years ago. They are staying where their roots are."


End of Document
Page  of Gay Press Forms Group to Study Computer Use



Gay Press Forms Group to Study Computer Use
Computerworld
November 8, 1982


Copyright 1982 Computerworld, Inc.


Section: NEWS; Pg. 10
Length: 296 words
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


The Gay Press Association has formed a Telecommunications Information Project (TIP) to assess the use of computers and telecommunications by gay and lesbian groups.
"TIP is a market research effort to see if there is any interest in telecommunications in the gay community," according to organization president Joe DiSabato.
The association is considering the establishment of a data base of members to combat the techniques used by the Moral Majority and other right-wing groups.  "Let's face it, the New Right made its mark by using computer lists it has on-line," DiSabato said.  "They use it mostly for sending scare letters."
As an example of how the Moral Majority uses its data base, DiSabato cited a sexual reform act that would update laws on rape, sodomy and other sexual issues for Washington, D.C.  "[Jerry] Falwell held a press conference and talked about how this bill was going to make Washington, D.C., the gay capital of the nation," DiSabato said.
A letter campaign by Falwell caused the bill to be vetoed within three weeks, according to DiSabato.  "They can send a half-million letters in a 48-hour period," he said.
The Gay Press Association, made up of 50 publications and some 150 individuals, now uses a Radio Shack TRS-80 III microcomputer with 10M bytes of hard disk storage to provide participating papers with stories on gay issues.
Communications take place over dial-up phone lines, creating the basis for a gay wire service.  "We're in the process of hooking up all the gay papers on a micro," DiSabato maintained.
The Gay Press Association is a trade association for the gay media and for gays in the media.  More information is available from the association through P.O. Box A, Old Chelsea Station, New York, N.Y. 10011.


End of Document
Page  of John Powers Will Marry Linda E. Gay



John Powers Will Marry Linda E. Gay
The New York Times
October 24, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition


Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company
Section: Section 1; Part 2; Page 64, Column 1; Society Desk
Length: 211 words
Body


Announcement has been made by Mr. and Mrs. Charles S. Gay of Huntington Bay, L.I., of the engagement of their daughter, Linda Elizabeth Gay, to John Joseph Powers, son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard F.  Powers Jr. of Centerport, L.I.
The wedding is planned for Dec. 18.  Miss Gay, an administrative assistant with Izod-Lacoste in New York, attended the East Woods School in Oyster Bay, L.I., and was graduated from the Purnell School in Pottersville, N.J., and from Lake Forest College.
Announcement has been made by Mr. and Mrs. Charles S. Gay of Huntington Bay, L.I., of the engagement of their daughter, Linda Elizabeth Gay, to John Joseph Powers, son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard F.  Powers Jr. of Centerport, L.I.She made her debut in 1976 at a dinner dance at the Colony Club and was a member of the Junior Assembly. Her father is the senior partner in Gay & Company, a member firm of the New York Stock Exchange.
Mr. Powers, a magna cum laude graduate of Boston College, received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University. He is a vice president of the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, which he represents in Brussels. His father, now retired, was director of sales and advertising for Talon Inc.  the Colony Club and was a member of the Junior Assembly. Her father

Graphic

 
Illustrations: Photo of Linda Gay


End of Document
Page  of Gay Press Association Begins Wire Service



Gay Press Association Begins Wire Service
The Associated Press
May 29, 1982, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1982 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 417 words
Byline: By SUSAN VOLEK, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: DENVER
Body


The Gay Press Association's national wire service printed its inaugural story Saturday, but its founder said he's sorry it had to happen.
"It's a shame we needed this," said Joe DiSabato of New York, the association's president.
DiSabato said the network was needed because of the straight media's failure to recognize and adequately cover homosexual issues. He estimated homosexuals comprise a larger segment of America's population than blacks, yet are virtually ignored by the conventional press and broadcasters.
"We're invisible or covered only in a sensational aspect like a police raid," DiSabato said.
The wire service was unveiled at the association's first anniversary meeting and the first story announced the wire service's beginning.
DiSabato said the association was formed to promote professionalism in the hundreds of gay newspapers and magazines across the country. Some 75 gay press members met for two days of workshops and meetings. Most work on gay-oriented publications while some work for the conventional media.
The wire operation is modest by usual news media standards, consisting of a home-type mini-computer in New York programmed to receive and transmit stories via telephone lines. The computer costs less than $500 a month to lease, DiSabato said. The cost is paid by Gay Press Association fundraising events.
Member publications will have to supply their own computers and programming and pay for telephone calls to New York.
But DiSabato said the cost should be small because local publications should be able to borrow a home computer for a few hours a week. Volunteers staff the vast majority of gay publications, he said, so labor should be free.
DiSabato estimated that about 50 stories would be moved weekly once the wire service is fully operational, probably in a few weeks.
"We've had to exchange stories by mail," he said. "When newspapers and magazines publish weekly or even monthly, the stories can be six or eight weeks old by the time another paper gets them published."
The service will be available to Gay Press Association members, and perhaps others.
"We've had some interesting inquiries, including one from a large, straight Southern newspaper," DiSabato said.
He said such requests probably would be accepted if the conventional media would provide fair and accurate coverage of gay issues.
"If the New York Times would suddenly come out and say it would uphold the purpose of this organization, which is to respect our civil rights, I'd like to see it," he said.


End of Document
Page  of Homosexual artists honor television portrayals of gays



Homosexual artists honor television portrayals of gays
United Press International
September 20, 1983, Tuesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 465 words
Dateline: HOLLYWOOD
Body


Television's new role in portraying homosexuals was the inspiration for a star-studded awards ceremony honoring the TV series ''Cheers,'' ''Dynasty'' and ''Gimme A Break'' for their realistic depictions of gays.
Robert Preston, nominated for an Oscar this year for his portrayal of an aging homosexual in ''Victor-Victoria,'' and Rita Moreno, who was a bathhouse entertainer in ''The Ritz,'' hosted the third annual Alliance for Gay Artists awards program Monday night at the Huntington Hartford Theater.
''The Fifth of July,'' a PBS and Showtime movie of Lanford Wilson's play about several people recalling their experiences in the 1960s, won three awards -- for the production, for Richard Thomas' portrayal of a gay handicapped man and for Jeff Daniels' performance as Thomas' lover.
Josh Schiowitz, co-producer of the ceremony, said the alliance tried to recognize ''fair portrayals of gays in the media'' and encourage wider treatment of homosexual issues.
''What's nice is that now gay characters are gay in movies and TV but their gayness is incidental to the plot,'' he said.
''They're what we call the also-happens-to-be-gay characters. Their sexual preference doesn't determine their character. They're regular people. There is a great spectrum of gay lifestyles. We love to see the variety represented.''
The ABC series ''Dynasty'' was honored for its depiction of Steven Carrington, the homosexual son of an oil magnate.
The NBC series ''Cheers'' was cited for the episode titled ''The Boys in the Bar'' in which the bartender risks alienating his regular clientele by making gay customers feel at home.
The series ''Gimme A Break,'' also on NBC, was honored for the episode titled ''The Chief's Gay Evening,'' portraying the police chief's struggle when he learns a colleague is a homosexual.
''Lianna,'' a movie about a married woman who falls in love with a female professor, and ''Take Your Best Shot,'' a TV movie about a troubled actor who gains stability and insight from a gay ex-actor he befriends, were honored for balanced depictions of homosexuals.
Linda Griffiths and Jane Hallaren were also honored for their leading roles in ''Lianna'' and Jeffrey Tambor for his portrayal of the actor in ''Take Your Best Shot.''
The Phil Donahue talk show was also given a plaque honoring its fairhanded forum for gay guests.
Also among the honorees were four Los Angeles stage productions - ''Cloud Nine,'' a farce about sex role stereotyping; ''Diversions and Delights,'' a one-man show starring Vincent Price as Oscar Wilde; ''Last Summer at Bluefish Cove,'' a drama about a woman who rents a summer cottage and falls in love with a woman who is dying of cancer; and ''Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein,'' a one-woman monologue starring Pat Carroll as the iconoclastic writer.


End of Document
Page  of Lesbian-Gay Pride Parade expected to draw 100,000



Lesbian-Gay Pride Parade expected to draw 100,000
United Press International
June 25, 1983, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 403 words
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


More than 100,000 people are expected to participate in the 14th annual Lesbian and Gay Pride Parade Sunday despite fears of confrontations with anti-gay elements, organizers said Saturday.
For the first time in the history of the march along Fifth Avenue, the steps of St. Patrick's Cathedral will be off-limits for marchers and spectators alike.
''We're looking forward to this being the largest lesbian-gay march in New York City,'' said Brian O'Dell, a parade organizer who estimated more than 100,000 people would participate.
Police spokesman Sgt. Raymond O'Donnel said about 700 uniformed officers have been assigned to keep order at the march -- and to prevent a clash of anti- and pro-gay demonstrators.
''We hope the police will do their best to make sure nothing happens, that there aren't any attacks,'' O'Dell said.
Members of the Catholic War Veterans, who lost a legal battle to prevent the parade from passing in front of the cathedral, said they expected thousands of anti-gay demostrators at the parade. And parade organizers said they were ''concerned'' about the possibility of violence in a clash of pro- and anti-gay groups.
''That (violence against homosexuals) always tends to be a part of our lives,'' O'Dell said.
Mayor Edward Koch said Friday he feared ''problems'' at the annual march but vowed, ''There'll be lots of cops.'' Koch said, however, he would not be able to attend the parade.
Officers will keep pro- and anti-gay demonstrators a block apart during the march and the steps of St. Patrick's Cathedral would be off limits to anyone except officers, police said.
The church will be open, but visitors will have to enter by side doors.
The cathedral steps have been used in recent years by gays to unfurl banners, including signs proclaiming ''God is Gay'' and chastizing opponents of homosexuality. The Catholic Church is a staunch opponent of homosexuality.
''We're there to celebrate lesbian and gay pride in all our diversity -- and nothing else,'' O'Dell said. ''We're not looking for any violence at all.''
This year's parade will focus on Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome and an appeal for the fight against the disease.
''The AIDS crisis has worried gay men and lesbians because it affects us, affects the entire community,'' O'Dell said.
But the interest in the parade this year is also probably due to ''issue upon issue … the defeat of a gay rights bill, the AIDS crisis,'' O'Dell said.


End of Document
Page  of 'IF WE GAY MEN AND LESBIANS' STAND UP



'IF WE GAY MEN AND LESBIANS' STAND UP
The New York Times
November 1, 1980, Saturday, Late City Final Edition


Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company
Section: Section 1; Page 25, Column 6; Editorial Desk; op-ed
Length: 698 words
Byline: By Andrew Humm and Betty Santoro
Body


The way politicians seize upon the issues affecting lesbians and gay men at election time, it's difficult to believe that ours was once the love that dared not speak its name.
Some attack lesbian and gay voters; others avoid rabid statements but oppose gay rights; and a new group responds to us as a constituency and seeks to win our votes.
The first group, spiritual descendants of Senator Joseph R.  McCarthy, assumes that no one has ever met a gay person and that we can be conveniently linked with any exisiting evil -inflation, crime, declining Scholastic Aptitude Test scores, the loss of the Panama Canal. Devotees of this gay-equals-decadence approach try to tar their political opponents with a link to homosexuality, and assume that the electorate will share their horror.
Coalition for Lesbian and Gay Rights members Andrew Humm and Betty Santoro deplore politicans who attack lesbian and gay rights
Gay-baiters have tried to pin a homosexual tag on candidates from James Buchanan in 1856 to Edward I. Koch in 1978 - two cases where it didn't stick - but a lot of political ruins and suicides were provoked in between.
The Republican candidate for the Senate, Alfonse D'Amato, has said that his Democratic opponent Elizabeth Holtzman and some of his journalist critics at The Village Voice are ''part of the meandering conspiracy of gay liberation/ultra-left organizations out to destroy the middle class.'' Mr. D'Amato, a suburban town supervisor who didn't have a stand on the subject of lesbian and gay rights before his statewide race, is now making every effort to put lesbian and gay voters on the other side as he carves out a constituency for himsellf.
The second group has been to the big city and has usually met a few gay people who don't have horns. Still, they're unwilling to sanction the rights of gay people for fear of being seen as approving a variant life style. Thus, Ronald Reagan says that his campaign guidebook, the Bible, is against homosexuality, so he guesses he's against it, too. George Bush, a heartbeat to his left, says he doesn't believe in codifying our rights, ''but I don't think those people should be harassed.'' Thanks, George.
The emergence of more out-of-the-closet lesbians and gay men in the 1970's has brought a more reasoned response from the third group of politicians. They see us not as a threat to the middle class but as a part of it, as well as of the rich and the poor; not as political embarassments but as partners in the political process.
Jimmy Carter approved the appointment of Virginia Apuzzo, a lesbian community activist, to his party's platform committee. For the first time in American history, a major national party, the Democrats, adopted a plank calling for an end to discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. The party's Gay Vote '80 project has registered thousands of lesbians and gay men in key districts. Our neighborhoods are being targeted by many candidates from both parties for special appeals. John B. Anderson even went so far as to sign on as a co-sponsor of the House gay-rights bill in the midst of his campaign for the Republican Presidential nomination.
Despite this progress, the Moral Majority draws more negative attention to the fight for lesbian and gay rights than the positive attention that we in the movement are able to draw. Two prominent conservatives in the House - Robert E. Bauman of Maryland and Jon Hinson of Mississippi - recently have been in the news in connection homosexually related incidents, but now decry their homosexual inclinations as evil. They are campaigning to keep their jobs by denying that they are part of the group whose rights they have worked against. Sadder yet, their anti-gay constitutents apparently so enjoy this spectacle of repentance that they may just return them to Congress to continue the fight against lesbian and gay rights. If we gay men and lesbians will stand up for ourselves in contrast to these men, there may be some surprises on election day.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Andrew Humm and Betty Santoro are representatives of the Coalition for Lesbian and Gay Rights, which consists of 47 groups.


End of Document
Page  of The Change in Gay Life-Style



The Change in Gay Life-Style
Newsweek
April 18, 1983 UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1983 Newsweek
Section: MEDICINE; Pg. 80
Length: 1016 words
Byline: VINCENT COPPOLA with RICHARD WEST in San Francisco, JANET HUCK in Los Angeles and bureau reports
Highlight: As nightmare rumors become fact, fear of contagion prompts a slowing down of life in the fast lane.
Body


The four young men sat in the semi-darkness of the deserted ward waiting for their weekend shot of interferon at New York's Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. They tried not to look at the fifth man, the law professor. His face was swollen and disfigured by purplish Kaposi's sarcoma (KS) lesions; his frail body, wracked for months by pneumonia and other recurring infections, weighed no more than a child's. He was beyond hope, beyond terror. They fought not to see their fate in his. And again they fought the old fears and doubts. Their life-style was not sinful. AIDS was not a gay plague sent down upon them. "God doesn't do things like this," said Alan, a quiet Southerner who works in a bank and sings in church choirs. "I'm not being punished for anything. It's bad luck or fate or something I have done that has caused this to happen."
The nightmare rumors that swirled through the homosexual communities of New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles almost three years ago have become cruel fact. The dire warnings in the gay press were well founded. Suddenly, everyone seems to know an AIDS victim. The disease's drawn-out incubation period has thousands of gay men sweating in terror, seeing every bruise as a Kaposi's sarcoma lesion; every cough, the onset of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia. AIDS is not a gay plague. If it had not developed first among homosexuals, it could well have struck some other risk group. But clearly, urban gay life-style has put many homosexual males at risk. An infectious agent loose in the hothouse environment of a gay bath, where some men have as many as 10 anonymous sexual contacts in one night, would spread exponentially. Ironically, the freedom, the promiscuity, the hypermasculinity that many gays declared an integral part of their culture have come to haunt them. "Isn't it something that what brought most of us here now leaves tens of thousands of us wondering whether that celebration ends in death?" says Randy Shilts, a San Francisco journalist.
Fear: More than 300 gay men have already died, and the fear of further contagion has led to a slowing down of life in the fast lane. Since last summer, business in the bars and baths south of San Francisco's Market Street has been dropping off, and the gaudy Sunday-afternoon crowds that promenade along Christopher Street in New York City have thinned. In Houston, the death of a number of well-known gays spread "pandemonium and fear," says a community activist, Steve Shiflett, echoing a widespread evaluation of what has been happening: "People are afraid to go out with each other. Some are abstaining." And others, instead of cruising, are dating for the first time.
The hundreds of confirmed AIDS victims struggling for their lives no longer have such choices. Discriminated against by insurance companies wary of the staggering medical costs of the disease, often shunned by nervous co-workers and avoided by former lovers, the least fortunate have become untouchables -- alone, helpless and despairing. Even those able to handle the emotional and financial burdens suffer cruelly. "I've felt that people were treating me like a leper," says KS patient Michael McAdory, manager of a gay nightclub in Houston. "I'd walk into a room and hear people say, "That's him. He's the one who has AIDS'."
Many stricken gays have had to bear the double burden of breaking the news of their illness and their homosexuality to their families at the same time. "Many gay men who have never been reconciled to their gayness have been crippled by the knowledge they are dying of a gay-related disease," says Los Angeles physician Joel Weisman. "It's like a second coming out." As he watched victims abandoned by family and friends who could not deal with the stigma, Weisman felt compelled to speak out in their behalf.
The bitterest complaint within the gay community is that AIDS was all but ignored until it spread to heterosexuals. "You can be sure that if the victims were heterosexual bankers the money would be gushing out of Washington as it did during the Legionnaire's disease period," says writer Shilts in San Francisco. Weisman is even more adamant: "How many people have to die before there's an all-out effort?"
Not surprisingly, the homosexual community has rallied to its own. From the first, gay doctors, social workers and community organizers have assisted teams of medical researchers trying to track the epidemic. Numerous support groups have been set up around the country to provide care, counsel and therapy. In New York, the epicenter of the disease, the Gay Men's Health Crisis has 400 volunteers who help AIDS victims with household tasks, accompany them to hospitals, handle paperwork and arrange for public assistance. Nationwide, all of the projects have found that help must go beyond what medicine has to offer. "Besides the fear of dying, there is the cruel reality that no one knows the cause or cure," says Jim Kearny, director of Shanti, a grief-counseling group in San Francisco. "We talk about dealing with chemotherapy, body image if the KS lesions are disfiguring, and issues of intimacy." Since December 1981, Kearny and his volunteers have worked with 70 patients. Twenty have died. Of the original four, only one remains alive.
'Russian Roulette': The shared wisdom in the gay community these days is that you "change your life-style, not your sexuality." But as Dr. Weisman points out in L.A.: "Some gays don't want to change and continue playing Russian roulette." Still, many more say tentatively that they have moved beyond shock and fear and anger to a feeling of relief that they finally have a medical reason to slow down their lives.
Back at Memorial Sloan-Kettering in New York, AIDS victim Alan waits for his treatment and sighs. "I'm having a very hard time," he admits. Two of his close friends have died of the disease and he has a new lesion on his leg despite the months of interferon. "Having cancer and being under all this pressure is a difficult thing, but all of us who are gay have had a pretty rough time. You build up a certain strength."

Graphic

 
Picture, Fears and doubts among urban gays?, Charles Steiner -- Sygma


End of Document
Page  of Pediatricians Say Gay Teens Should Be Converted



Pediatricians Say Gay Teens Should Be Converted
The Associated Press
October 23, 1983, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1983 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 364 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Homosexuality should no longer be considered a "mental disorder," but doctors must continue trying to "convert" adolescents troubled by their gayness, according to a new policy of the American Academy of Pediatrics.
The policy, adopted in August and released at the start of the group's annual convention Saturday, rekindled a long dispute over whether homosexuals can be converted to heterosexuality.
"Why do we have to think like that?" asked Dr. David Kessler, a gay psychiatrist and professor of psychiatry at the University of California in San Francisco. "How easy do they think it would be to 'convert' a straight person into a gay person? That's exactly how easy it would be to do it the other way around."
Kessler said there is not one scientifically documented case in all medical literature of anyone successfully converting to heterosexuality from homosexuality.
"For the adolescent who may be troubled not by gay feelings, but by anti-gay feelings, this policy just reinforces those guilt feelings and leads him on a wild goose chase to convert, when that's not possible," Kessler said.
Dr. Kenneth Sladkin, director of the Adolescent Medical Center in Levittown, Pa., said it is safe to predict that 10 percent, or 2.9 million of the 29 million adolescents between 13 and 19 are gay, "yet we hear very little about them.
"We are out to help the practicioner to understand that gay people are as normal as anyone else," he said.
Aaron Fricke, now 21, gained national attention as a gay adolescent when he successfully sued his school district to allow him to bring a homosexual friend to his high school prom. He was at the convention to speak to the group on how to handle homosexual adolescents.
"We need emotional support, the things that straight adolescents have, like what it's like to date somebody and develop an emotional attachment," said Fricke, who wrote a book about growing up gay, "Confessions of a Rock Lobster."
Since its publication, Fricke said he has received many letters from other young homosexuals whose families threatened to commit them to institutions, gave them electroshock therapy or otherwise cut them off, hoping to "convert" them to heterosexuality.


End of Document
Page  of Gay cowboy takes AIDS fight to Manhattan



Gay cowboy takes AIDS fight to Manhattan
United Press International
August 19, 1983, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 256 words
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


The star of the gay rodeo circuit galloped through Manhattan streets Friday in an attempt to raise funds for AIDS research.
Lee Kittelson saddled up his horse at Madison Square Garden and weaved through the busy traffic on Eighth Avenue to hold a news conference at Central Park.
Kittelson was in Manhattan to publicize the need for money to fund AIDS research.
AIDS -- Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome -- is an illness that subverts the body's immune system and is almost always fatal. The majority of AIDS victims are homosexuals.
Kittleson, 35, a Denver, Colo., resident, has become a celebrity in the gay community -- he is an authentic cowboy and rodeo champion who looks like the Marlboro Man.
Kittelson, who used to compete in traditional rodeos, now stars on the newly formed gay rodeo circuit. He is this year's winner of the gay rodeo in Reno, Nev., and third runner-up in Denver's gay rodeo.
Kittelson has been named grand marshal of the ''World's Toughest Rodeo,'' scheduled Oct. 1 atthe Garden. All ticket proceeds will go toward AIDS research.
''I you didn't know I was gay, you'd think I was a good guy,'' Kittleson said, tipping his Stetson. ''I'm easy-going, I smile a lot and everybody likes me.
''I want to show the world not all gays can be stereotyped,'' he said. ''I'm not trying to change the image of John Wayne.''
Kittelson is spending most of his time crusading for research funds for AIDS.
''We've had a hard time getting money from the federal government,'' Kittelson explained. ''We've got to look after ourselves.''


End of Document
Page  of Study shows gays victimized by violence



Study shows gays victimized by violence
United Press International
July 17, 1984, Tuesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: General News
Length: 336 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Gay rights activists said Tuesday as many as 90 percent of homosexual men and women surveyed in eight cities experienced harassment, ranging from disparaging remarks to being punched, kicked or beaten.
The release of the survey by the National Gay Task Force came as the Democratic National Convention approved a platform containing the strongest gay rights language ever, including allowing gays into the military.
The platform also supports legislation to prohibit job discrimination based on sexual orientation and says foreign citizens should not be excluded from the United States because they are homosexual.
One in five men and nearly one in 10 women among the 2,000 gays in eight cities surveyed said they had been punched, hit, kicked or beaten, and approximately the same ratios said they had suffered some form of police abuse because of their sexual orientation.
About one-third of the respondents said they had been verbally abused by relatives, and more than 7 percent reported having been physically abused as well.
One-fifth of the women and nearly half the men said they had been harassed, threatened or physically attacked in high school or junior high because they were perceived to be lesbian or gay.
Almost half the men surveyed and more than a third of the women had been threatened with physical violence and more than 90 percent of the men and 75 percent of the women had been verbally harassed.
''This study confirms in plain numbers what many in our community have long understood,'' said NGTF Executive Director Virginia Apuzzo. ''To be gay or lesbian in America is to live in the shadow of violence.''
Gay activists gathered Tuesday in Bangor, Maine, to further their cause and denounced the decision by a district court judge to allow three juveniles to remain free on charges of hurling a homosexual off a bridge July 7.
''It says to every fag-basher this is the time -- go out and get them,'' said activist David McMannus. The youths have pleaded innocent and face further court action July 31.


End of Document
Page  of Village Voice Columnist and Gay Activist Dies



Village Voice Columnist and Gay Activist Dies
The Associated Press
June 4, 1984, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 260 words
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


Arthur Bell, a writer and columnist for the Village Voice who was in the forefront of the gay rights movement, has died of complications from diabetes, according to friends and associates.
Bell died Saturday at St. Vincent's Hospital, where he had checked in eight days earlier.
He was believed to be 44 years old.
Complications from his lifelong diabetes worsened recently and he was in and out hospitals for the last year, according to Karen Durbin, senior editor at the Village Voice.
Ms. Durbin said Bell was "a terrific crime reporter because he had a lot of nerve and staying power. The other part of his work that, I think, he will be remembered for is that he started reporting on gay liberation."
The Montreal native joined the staff of the Voice in 1975, but had contributed regularly to the weekly newspaper since 1969, when he reported on the "Stonewall riots," which erupted as a result of police attempts to close down gay bars. The riots lasted three days when homosexuals barricaded themselves inside a bar and hurled objects at police.
Bell wrote a personal account of the riots in a book entitled "Dancing the Gay Lib Blues." He also was the author of "Kings Don't Mean a Thing," a book about a Knight newspapers heir.
Bell was one of 12 founders of the Gay Activist Alliance, a group that preceded the National Gay Task Force.
For the last nine years, Bell wrote a column for the Voice called "Bell Tells," a mixture of entertainment news and personality interviews.
Funeral arrangements were incomplete.
Bell is survived by his sister, brother and father.


End of Document
Page  of Lincoln Rejects Gay Rights Measure



Lincoln Rejects Gay Rights Measure
The Associated Press
May 12, 1982, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 319 words
Dateline: LINCOLN, Neb.
Body


Voters have rejected by a 4-1 margin a "gay rights amendment" to extend local anti-discrimination laws to homosexuals in the first referendum of its kind in the nation.
The measure, which was defeated Tuesday by 37,249 to 10,419 votes, had sought to add "sexual orientation" to the list of classifications, such as race, creed and gender, protected by local ordinance from discrimination in employment, housing and public accommodations.
The National Gay Rights Task Force, headquartered in New York, had said the proposed charter revision was the first of its kind put to a public vote. The aim of balloting on the issue elsewhere in the nation has been to repeal gay rights legislation.
Paul Cameron, a psychologist and chairman of the Committee to Oppose Special Rights for Homosexuals, which opposed the measure, lauded Lincoln voters.
"The citizens of Lincoln did the right thing for themselves, their children and their grandchildren," Cameron said. "They've shown a willingness to reject the attempt to homosexualize our community.
"The real message is that homosexuality will not be welcome as a co-equal to heterosexuality," he said.
Scott Stebelman, co-chairman of the Lincoln Coalition for Gay and Lesbian Civil Rights, termed the defeat "disappointing."
"But," Stebelman added, "in many ways, it succeeded the day it began."
He said a primary goal of those who raised the gay rights issue in Lincoln a year ago was to educate the public. He said he believed much of the public had learned discrimination against homosexuals exists in Lincoln.
"I think a lot more education must go on to inform the public of the damaging effects of this discrimination, both economically and psychologically on the individual and the community," Stebelman said.
He said a similar effort might be launched again.
"If we feel at sometime the climate is right, we may ask the public to address it again on the ballot," Stebelman said.


End of Document
Page  of Why Should 'Gay' Fall Into Disuse?



Why Should 'Gay' Fall Into Disuse?
The New York Times
November 20, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition


Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company
Section: Section 11NJ; Page 36, Column 2; New Jersey Weekly Desk; Letter
Length: 311 words
Body


The English language is furnished so richly with words so precise that their very sound suggests their meaning, and that meaning ought not to be lost and the words' use abandoned because they have been appropriated by pressure groups and thus taken on a specific (and limited) connotation.
 Such a word is ''gay.''
The word, according to the Random House Dictionary (1966), has, as its first meaning, ''having or showing a joyous mood.'' This certainly happens in many homes during the Christmas season.
The second meaning is ''bright or showy.'' Think of the way we wrap our Christmas gifts.
The third is ''given to abounding in social pleasures.'' Most Americans certainly engage in some form of social pleasure at Christmas time.
Other dictionaries have similar listings.
One thinks of the words in traditional carols: jolly, merry, gay. But ''gay'' is now rapidly falling into disuse - as if taboo - because of its connections with an oppressed minority whose nature is not appealing to all tastes.
Last year, singing ''Deck the Halls'' with a group of friends, I observed a distinct hesitancy and even embarrassment when we reached the line ''Don we now our gay apparel.''
Should those of us who elect to use the word ''gay'' when we mean to describe exuberance, mirthful excitement or social joys now have to find a substitute because of its current application to what is essentially a civil- rights group? I don't see why.
Let us not be so hasty to let this word have only one accepted meaning, for it has many meanings that certainly add to the joy of Christmas.
The season will soon be upon us and I look forward to its gaiety, its mirth, goodwill and laughter, and I fully intend to wish others this Christmas that we may all share in gay spirits the joys of the season. And I would hope others do the same.
 
THE REV. RICHARD A. MILLER Stanton Reformed Church Stanton


End of Document
Page  of Estimated 1,000 at Gay Pride Rally



Estimated 1,000 at Gay Pride Rally
The Associated Press
June 22, 1980, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 235 words
Dateline: SACRAMENTO, Calif.
Body


Hundreds of homosexuals paraded through downtown Sacramento on Sunday and held a rally on the lawn of the state Capitol to mark the end of a local Gay Pride Week.
The keynote speakers said the event demonstrated progress.
Twenty years ago individual homosexuals were being arrested for being in "gay bars," and today they can freely rally by the hundreds on the Capitol grounds, the speakers said.
The organizers of Gay Pride Week said the estimated 750 marchers in the 16-block parade won the cheers of many others on the sidewalks "who didn't feel comfortable marching." They said about 1,000 lolled in the sunshine at the rally, listening to keynote speakers and musical entertainment.
The only reported heckling consisted of a few calls from the sidelines.
Keynote speakers Phyllis Lyon and Del Martin, both San Francisco authors, said rallying on the Capitol grounds in itself represents progress. They said that 20 years ago when they began their gay activism, they never dreamed they would be keynoting a Capitol rally.
Organizers Anne Seeley, 24, and Kevin Casey, 25, told a reporter the week was strictly a local affair. They persuaded Mayor Phil Isenberg to make an official Gay Pride Week declaration, but Sacramento County officials declined to do so.
They said the rally gave homosexuals the opportunity to "come out in public in a group," which they said is easier than admitting homosexuality individually.


End of Document
Page  of Cop crusades for gay rights



Cop crusades for gay rights
United Press International
January 31, 1982, Sunday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 443 words
Byline: By PAULA SCHWED
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


Sgt. Charlie Cochrane is a 15-year veteran of the police department, recipient of four good conduct medals, and a homosexual.
When he suddenly decided last November to crusade for the cause of gay rights, there were warnings from friends, relatives and fellow officers.
''I knew there was a chance that my parents would be harassed, that I might be beaten up, that I'd be hassled by the fringe that hates gays,'' said Cochrane, 38.
He decided to testify anyway before the city council in support of an anti-discrimination ordinance that was defeated. Since then he has been invited to speak out for television talk shows, citizens groups and congressional hearings.
Cochrane's most recent appearance was in Washington before a congressional subcommittee considering a bill making it illegal not to hire someone because of homosexuality.
''But what frightened me the most when I decided to go public was realizing they're going to be calling me The Gay Cop forever,'' he said. ''I could make police commissioner and they'd still identify me that way.''
He went public anyway. And has been surprised by the lack of reprisals.
It was tough telling his parents, Cochrane said.
''My whole life revolved around concealing that I was gay,'' he said. ''It took me 34 years to accept it in myself.''
He tried to tell an old friend 10 years ago, and has not seen the friend since. The partner Cochrane used to patrol Brooklyn's worst neighborhoods with was nervous the first few times he brought his boyfriend to dinner. There has been some ''lockeroom commentary'' down at the precinct. But fellow officers have surprised him by their acceptance.
''Nobody wrote 'faggot' on my locker,'' said Cochrane, who supervises officers working on a Manhattan precinct's task force for special events. ''I haven't had one crank phone call. I didn't even make the (bathroom) wall.''
Cochrane does not take himself too seriously. He calls the other cops ''honey.'' Asked to describe how to recognize him, Cochrane says he will be wearing a ''maroon Bill Blass down jacket.'' And he admits to ogling co-workers.
''I know about a dozen cops who have told me they are gay. There are others who I bet are gay,'' he said. ''And I know a couple more I wish were gay.''
Cochrane is protected by an executive order issued by the mayor that says no city worker may be discriminated against on the basis of race, sex or sexual preference. He is careful to say his views do not represent those of the New York City Police Department.
''If I do my job, what does it matter what I do at night?'' he said. ''I'm not a big, grizzly bear. But I'm not running down the street in a pink dress and roller skates.''


End of Document
Page  of Gay Activist Sees Progress In INS Ruling



Gay Activist Sees Progress In INS Ruling
The Associated Press
September 8, 1983, Thursday, PM cycle


Copyright 1983 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 303 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


A gay activist says homosexuals were raised from "second-class" status by a federal appeals court ruling that the government cannot bar visitors to the United States simply because of sexual preference.
"It's a tremendous victory for the entire gay community," Leonard Graff, legal director of Gay Rights Advocates, said of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruling Wednesday.
Graff said that for the gay community the ruling means, "You're no longer second-class citizens."
Congress did not intend to allow the INS to bar homosexual visitors simply because they admit they are gay, the three judges said in their ruling.
The judges said they believe Congress intended to exclude self-declared homosexuals from the country on the ground of affliction with a psychopathic personality, sexual deviation or mental defect. The judges said the conditions would have to be established by a medical certificate, and they said INS officers are not qualified to make those determinations.
"It would violate Congress' direction to allow INS officers who are not medically trained to determine psychopathic personality, sexual deviation or mental defect by interrogation," the court said.
"There is no indication in the legislative history that Congress or the Public Health Service believed that homosexuality should be determined by admissions any more than schizophrenia could be self-diagnosed," it said.
The decision arose from the case of British journalist Carl Hill, 35, who told INS officials he was a homosexual and couldn't be prevented from entering the country to attend a Gay Freedom Day Parade in San Francisco. His view was upheld in an April 1982 decision by U.S. District Judge Robert P. Aguilar. The INS appealed.
Attempts to reach David Illchert, local chief of the INS, by telephone after the ruling were unsuccessful.


End of Document
Page  of Gay movement making strides in Mexico



Gay movement making strides in Mexico
United Press International
August 7, 1984, Tuesday, BC cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: International
Length: 742 words
Byline: By LUCY HOOD
Dateline: MEXICO CITY
Body


El Magos discoteque was filled with what looked to be beautiful women in ballroom gowns representing each state of Mexico, all of them vying for the title of Miss Gay Mexico for 1984.
Several famous Mexican TV stars such as Victoria Ruffo and Jaime Garza attended the glittering event, an example of how homosexuals in ''macho'' Mexico have made great strides in recent years to live their lives openly.
Ten years ago the Miss Gay Mexico pageant had to be held clandestinely in the city of Cuernavaca, 45 miles south of Mexico City.
Today, although still prohibited by Mexican law, the pageant can be held in a popular night spot without interference from authorities.
But Mexican homosexuals are still cautious. Miss Michoacan, who won the title of Miss Mexico this year, did not want to disclose his name to a reporter.
The reigning queen of the gay community will always be the man known as La Xochitl, Gustavo Fernandez, who led the campaign to give homosexuals de facto liberties, although no laws have been passed giving them equal rights with heterosexuals.
La Xochitl, who often dresses as a woman, is widely known for his work in movies. He has appeared in seven, in all of which he played straight women roles.
He said that homosexuals made their greatest advances for freedom during the administration of former Mexico City Mayor Hank Gonzalez, which ended in 1982.
Conservative Mexican society still does not accept the gay movement as a legitimate force, but homosexuals are now free to socialize in their own discoteques, bars and parties throughout the capital city.
''That's what I was looking for, a place to meet,'' La Xochitl said. ''Before, a reunion of about six homosexuals was kept very secret. We didn't have the right to speak. It was terrible.''
All of that has changed -- or at least, it is changing. El Nueve, El Don, 41 and El Maraquesh are among the many gay bars operating openly in the capital.
But La Xochitl said internal problems have become the greatest threat to the gay community.
''Those who psychologically have trouble admitting to themselves they are gay do more to hurt fellow homosexuals than a close-minded person outside of the community,'' he said.
And men who have sex-change operations, he complained, continue to attend gay bars. Since they were first attracted to men and can now freely seek men with their new identity they should drop the gay bars for straight ones, La Xochitl said.
But La Xochitl said what hurts him the most is what he feels to be a lack of respect from younger members of the gay community. He referred to one particular incident in which a customer at El Nueve questioned La Xochitl's right to enter the bar dressed as a woman while other customers were not allowed to do so.
''It's good to see they are rebellious, but they should have respect for the person who has fought so hard for their freedom,'' he said.
 Elsewhere in Mexico
The quality of the Mexican movie has declined in recent years and lost the most important audience, the middle class, said one of Mexico's leading film producers at a round-table discussion on the film industry.
Actors, producers and directors blamed everything from low quality movie theaters to corruption among producers in the meeting held Monday, but all agreed that the public no longer has faith in Mexican movies.
''If Mexico had made 'E.T.,' would the public still have gone?'' asked Juan Rodriguez, one of the two men who invented the color TV.
Some charged that scripts must have the correct ''political content'' to before they can be made, that they seem to be morally uplifting or show the lower classes to be smarter than the rich.
Efforts to improve Mexico City's public transportation system have not been able to keep up with the increase in population which is estimated to be 17 million, a study by the Metropolitan University of Mexico showed.
Only 5 percent of the 3 million vehicles circulating in Mexico City are used for public transportation -- taxis, buses or trollies.
The remaining 95 percent are private vehicles that occupy 70 percent of the city's streets and parking space, transport 1.5 people on each trip and consume one-third of the gasoline produced in Mexico, the study showed.
The study also said a plan initiated in 1980 to facilitate traffic flow by installing 927 new traffic lights and adding 8,000 buses to the city routes was not completed and therefore did little to alleviate the chaotic traffic conditions in the city.


End of Document
Page  of Gay students seek Harvard nondiscrimination policy



Gay students seek Harvard nondiscrimination policy
United Press International
May 7, 1982, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 375 words
Dateline: CAMBRIDGE, Mass.
Body


A petition drive is under way at Harvard University, spearheaded by gay students angry over a faculty member's remarks that homosexuality is a ''misfortune'' and ''a poor way of life.''
Members of the Harvard-Radcliffe Gay Students Association want the university to formally adopt a nondiscrimination policy toward homosexuals in light of the comments by the director of Harvard's Center for Behavioral Sciences.
Edward L. Pattullo touched off the furor in a letter to the editor to a campus publication last week, following a statement in the publication which supported ''Gay-Lesbian Awareness Day.''
Pattulo wrote in the Harvard Independent that he believed homosexuality was a lifestyle to be discouraged, and he characterized it as a ''misfortune'' and ''a poor way of life.''
More than 600 names from the Harvard community have been collected on a petition in the past week, opposing Pattullo's statement and calling for a stated nondiscrimination policy.
Harvard Dean Henry Rosovsky has also been asked to meet with the group to ''clarify publicly just what policies are concerning gay students and research.''
On Thursday, the campus daily, the Harvard Crimson, joined the fray by editorializing that school should formally declare it does not ''discriminate on the basis of sexual preference.''
The Crimson said the gay student group, which says it has 300 undergraduates and alumni on its mailing lists, ''had legitimate fears that Harvard -- the institution -- is less than evenhanded in its treatment of homosexuals.''
Jonathan Handel, association vice president, said the group was insulted by Pattullo's remarks and ''we want this college to simply state that this sort of bigotry doesn't reflect the views of the faculty and students.''
The university has no formal nondiscrimination policy on record presently, but the Gay Students Association has been a recognized student group since 1971.
Last year, following several homosexual harassment incidents, Harvard students staged a peaceful protest during commencement week calling for such a policy.
The faculty council stopped short of endosring such a policy and instead issued a statement condemning the incidents and calling for respect and toleration to all members of the university community.


End of Document
Page  of ''Gay Liberation'' statue vandalized



''Gay Liberation'' statue vandalized
United Press International
March 8, 1984, Thursday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 276 words
Dateline: STANFORD, Calif.
Body


A $150,000 ''Gay Liberation'' sculpture commissioned as a tribute to homosexual rights was ordered removed from the Stanford University campus after vandals damaged it with hammers.
University officials Wednesday ordered removal of the art work, which depicts two women sitting on a bench touching hands and two men standing nearby, because a vandal used hammers to pound quarter-sized dents to the heads, faces and bodies of all four figures.
The work was created by sculptor George Segal and it was commissioned by the Mildren Andrews Fund of Cleveland for $150,000. University police said more than 40 hammer blows were struck late Tuesday night.
University spokesman Bob Beyers said it was ''standard procedure'' to remove a piece of art after it has been vandalized.
He said several other campus art works have been vandalized and removed over the years, including a figure of Leland Stanford Jr., for whom the school is named. In that instance, the thumb was sawed off.
Stanford police said a witness to the crime chased a suspect, described as a bearded white male in his early 20s, but lost him.
Stanford's gay community leaders asked people to place flowers on the vacant site of the statue as if it were a grave.
''We are outraged,'' said Jeff Williams of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance at Stanford. He said the attack ''is a symptom of the homophobia which pervades our society.''
Stanford art professor Albert Elsen said the damage was serious, but made no dollar estimate. He said he believed it could be repaired.
Segal called the attack ''unfortunate.''
''No matter how strong feelings are, the response should be civilized on everyone's part,'' Segal said.


End of Document
Page  of Gay parades marked by AIDS theme



Gay parades marked by AIDS theme
United Press International
June 27, 1983, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 611 words
Body


Tens of thousands of homosexual men and women marched through the streets of New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Chicago on Gay Pride Day to celebrate homosexual liberation and to seek help in fighting AIDS.
Many of the marchers dressed in drag or leather while others wore professional clothes to indicate that homosexuals come from all walks of life. The parades included many politicians, AIDS victims, gay senior citizens groups, gay religious groups of several different faiths and ''Dykes on Bikes'' -- a lesbian motorcycle club.
The parades were dedicated to sufferers of acquired immune deficiency syndrome, a deadly disorder that has struck 1,600 people in the United States -- more than 70 percent of them gay men. Many banners in the parades called for government funds for researching the mysterious disease.
The parades also marked the anniversary of the 1969 battle between police and homosexuals at the Stonewall Inn in New York's Greenwich Village -- a confrontation coneople turned out in muggy heat to cheer floats and marching bands that trooped down Santa Monica Boulevard.
About 200,000 people either marched or lined the parade route in San Francisco and organizers called it the largest gathering of homosexuals in the world.
''Despite a subliminal message from the press that if you come to the parade you'll get AIDS, it is wonderful to see thousands of people coming anyway despite all the hysteria,'' said parade organizer Konstantin Berlandt, who was dressed in a red wig, full makeup, a bright pink sequined cocktail dress and red high-heeled shoes.
A group of people afflicted with AIDS marched under the banner of ''People with AIDS Alliance'' and many people wore armbands in support of AIDS sufferers.
Rep. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., and at least three local politicans joined the San Francisco parade but noticeably absent was San Francisco Mayor Dianne Feinstein, who had proclaimed Sunday Lesbian and Gay Freedom Day.
About 100,000 people marched in the New York City parade and were taunted by 300 protesters who held a prayer meeting near St. Patrick's Cathedral. Hundreds of police officers standing shoulder-to-shoulder blocked a physical confrontation between the two groups and no injuries were reported.
''God said homosexuality was abominable,'' said Margaret Aiello, 61, holding a plastic bottle filled with what she said was holy water and squirting it on the marchers.
Marchers responded with a chant of ''two four six eight, how do you know your kids are straight?''
Mabel Hampton, 81, said she joined the parade ''to preserve the rights of gays and lesbians.'' Ms. Hampton, who worked as a maid, said she was gay and had lived with a woman for over 40 years.
''It's so much easier for gays and lesbians today than when I started. But I believe all you have to do is to stick together and stand up for what you believe is right,'' she said.
Gay Pride activities in Los Angeles include a parade with several local politicans and a fair that featured a booth operated by the AIDS Project of Los Angeles.
Former Chicago Mayor Jane M. Byrne fulfilled a campaign promise by leading her city's parade.
''Politicians are realizing that the gay community has a large voting bloc. They are counting our votes,'' parade spokesman Richard Pfeiffer said.
A parade in Columbus, Ohio, drew about 500 homosexuals from four states and about 350 marched in Burlington, Vt.
The Ohio group, which received a letter of welcome from Gov. Richard F. Celeste, gave speeches and sang on the Ohio Statehouse lawn. They converged on the Statehouse after a flag-waving parade.
About 30 to 40 people picketed the parade with signs saying ''AIDS is God's revenge.''


End of Document
Page  of New PAC Gives Money to Republican Supporters of Gay Rights



New PAC Gives Money to Republican Supporters of Gay Rights
The Associated Press
October 16, 1984, Tuesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 634 words
Byline: By RITA BEAMISH, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Complaining that contributions from gay Republicans almost always go to Democratic campaign coffers, a new political action committee is trying to ensure a fair share for GOP gay rights supporters.
"It's amazing how much money there is in the gay Republican community that is coming out of the closet," said Thomas Hunter Russell, treasurer of Californians for Individual Rights and Civil Liberties-Political Action Committee.
Gay Republican activists formed CIRCL-PAC when they became annoyed that a non-partisan gay political action committee in Los Angeles was sending nearly all its contributions to Democrats.
CIRCL-PAC was formed a year ago by the Los Angeles-area Log Cabin Club, a Republican club for gay people and their supporters.
Many gay Republicans were reluctant to make political contributions to gay organizations because the money went to Democrats, said Russell, Log Cabin's president.
"We are encouraging human rights consciousness in the Republican Party. We don't care whether they're gay, straight or otherwise, just so they're committed to human rights," said Russell, a candidate for the state Senate.
"My sense is that one of the reasons that gay issues have always been controversial for people is because gay people … move to California, or to New York or to Chicago or wherever," said Rich Eychaner, an unsuccessful candidate for Congress in this year's Republican primary in central Iowa's 4th District.
"I'm a believer that for any major developments to happen both parties pretty much have to be on board," said Eychaner, who had said his homosexuality gave him a "tremendous advantage in terms of name recognition."
Perhaps the most prominent openly homosexual conservative is former U.S. Rep. Robert E. Bauman of Maryland. A leading spokesman for the New Right in Congress in the 1970s, Bauman acknowledged he had voted against several proposals that would have enhance legal rights for homosexuals.
"I was wrong," he said last year in urging the American Bar Association to support legislation banning discrimination against homosexuals. "A person can mature."
After surviving a move last year to oust him from the board of directors of the American Conservative Union, Bauman said, "The conservative movement has been viewed as anti-gay. And I am still on the board. I think this is evidence of maturity in the movement."
"Gay Republicans have two closets, the gay closet and the darker, deeper one _ the Republican one," Russell said.
CIRCL-PAC reported raising $36,000 this year, according to the Secretary of State's office, and has distributed contributions, mostly under $500, to about a dozen candidates in the San Francisco and Los Angeles areas.
One recipient is Republican state Sen. Ed Davis of Los Angeles, who last year championed legislation to ban discrimination in employment against homosexuals. Gov. George Deukmejian vetoed the bill last spring.
A former Los Angeles police chief who railed against the idea of homosexual officers on his force, Davis admits that gay rights still is not a priority with his party.
"What's important is the attitude of individual Republicans and individual Democrats," he said recently. "I see my import as not acting through the party, but acting on the public."
The 7-year-old Metropolitan Elections Committee of Los Angeles is the city's major fund-raising group among gay people. Though MECLA has generally endorsed Democrats, it has Republicans on its executive board and says it welcomes opportunities to back GOP candidates.
The organization's co-chairman, Larry Sprenger, said he doesn't see CIRCL-PAC as competition.
And state GOP officials are leaving CIRCL-PAC on its own, said party political director John Rico.
"They're doing their own thing," Rico said. "If they can raise money to help candidates then more power to them."


End of Document
Page  of Aid Offered to Gay Cuban Refugees



Aid Offered to Gay Cuban Refugees
The Associated Press
July 7, 1980, Monday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Washington Dateline
Length: 424 words
Byline: By GEORGE GEDDA, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


Gay rights groups from around the country are mobilizing their resources to assist the thousands of homosexuals among the Cuban refugees who have fled to the United States in recent weeks.
Government officials said Monday they have no idea how many homosexuals have come to the United States aboard the boatlift operation.
But immigration officials have told U.S. groups supporting rights for gays that an estimated 2,000 of the approximately 32,000 Cubans still awaiting resettlement at four U.S. military bases are self-professed homosexuals.
One informant who has investigated treatment of Cuban homosexuals estimated that only about one gay in five admitted his or her sexual preference when interviewed by immigration authorities. If his calculations are correct, the gay population at the camps would be about 10,000. The source asked not to be named.
The homosexuals are admitted to the United States on what is known as a "deferred inspection basis" -- meaning no final decision has been made as to their eligibility for permanent residence.
The voluntary organizations active in resettling Cuban refugees have had difficulty in finding homes for homosexuals and have asked gay rights groups for assistance. A Miami area gay rights group reportedly has found homes and jobs for 800 Cuban gays.
One of the most active groups has been the Metropolitan Community Church, a California-based institution with a membership of 20,000 in 113 U.S. parishes.
A local church member, who asked not to be identified, said $60,000 has been raised to help in the resettlement process and that some 4,000 church members have offered to take in Cuban gays. Local pastors will determine the suitability of the potential sponsors.
Some 20 representatives of church and civil rights groups met Monday at the church's Washington branch to discuss additional steps.
One informant who has interviewed Cuban refugees said homosexuals have come to the United States to escape severe repression on the island.
"People can be arrested just for being gay," said the informant, adding that jail terms range as high as four years.
The source, who asked not to be identified, said homosexuals were among the many Cuban inmates who were loaded onto buses and sent to the United States from Mariel harbor, the point of departure for the boatlift operation.
He said other Cubans escaped the island by turning up at police stations disguised as homosexuals.
"They showed up wearing dresses and lipstick, knowing full well the authorities would be anxious to get rid of them," he said.


End of Document
Page  of Judge Approves Agreement on Gay Publications in Prisons



Judge Approves Agreement on Gay Publications in Prisons
The Associated Press
October 21, 1980, Tuesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Washington Dateline
Length: 216 words
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


A federal judge Tuesday approved an agreement that will allow federal prisoners access to more homosexual publications.
The agreement, signed by U.S. District Judge Barrington D. Parker, represents a change in policy by the federal Bureau of Prisons, according to attorneys in the case.
The agreement resolved a 3-year-old lawsuit in which publishers of gay publications challenged federal prison policy that excluded most gay material.
Nann D. Hunter, an attorney for the plaintiffs, said the federal Bureau of Prisons has "loosened up" its policy since the initiation of the lawsuit and has been allowing some gay publications to enter the prison system.
The new policy will allow all publications that supply information about the activities of gay rights organizations, gay religious groups and other news of interest to the gay community, according to the plaintiffs' lawyer and Ira Kirschbaum, an attorney for the Bureau of Prisons.
The new rules also will permit some sexually explicit homosexual publications to enter prisons, but these materials can be banned by a warden if he or she believes the material is a threat to the institution. Kirschbaum said that sexually explicit material could, for instance, be admitted to a minimum security institution but not to a maximum security facility.


End of Document
Page  of ''Gay plague'' declared epidemic



''Gay plague'' declared epidemic
United Press International
July 13, 1982, Tuesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 368 words
Byline: By PATRICIA McCORMACK, UPI Health Editor
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


Two often-fatal, related illnesses dubbed ''gay plague'' have reached epidemic proportions and doctors trying to control the outbreak say it is more baffling than Legionnaires' disease.
''It is unprecedented in the history of American medicine,'' said Dr. James W. Curran, head of a Centers for Disease Control Task Force on the ''immune deficiency syndrome,'' first identified in 1980 as possibly epidemic and highly fatal among male homosexuals, but which also affects heterosexuals.
One form of it is a rare cancer -- Kaposi's sarcoma -- that previously only struck aging Jewish and Italian men, causing tumors on the legs. Another form is a highly fatal rare pneumonia.
Some 413 cases of the ''gay plague'' have been reported since 1981 and 155 of the victims are dead. Eighty-five percent of the victims are under 45 and the median age is 35.
There has been a 50 percent increase in cases reported to the CDC in the past three months, said Dr. Charles Chalmers, president of Mount Sinai Medical Center.
''Unfortunately this is growing and will continue to grow, he said. ''We are faced with an epidemic of quite large proportions and unsettling. Not since Legionnaires' disease have we had an epidemic of this proportion.''
''There was one case per day reported in the last half of 1981,'' Chalmers said. ''Since February, there have been reports of 1.5 cases per day. In the past six weeks 2.5 cases per day are being reported.''
Curran said it seems only to affect a host whose immune system has been wiped out. The immune system helps the body fight life-threatening agents.
When it is wiped out, Curran said, the host is a target for scavengers. No one knows if the scavanger in ''gay plague'' is a virus or some other agent.
Several factors under investigation strengthen the theory that a mystery infectious agent may be involved, Curran says. Suspected agents could include a new virus, a changed virus or something not seen before, doctors participating in the conference suggested,
At high risk for ''gay plague'' are male homosexuals and people who take illicit drugs intravenously, Curran said. Cases have been reported among people who need multiple transfusions due to disorders blood clotting disorders.


End of Document
Page  of 100,000 March in San Francisco's Gay Freedom Parade



100,000 March in San Francisco's Gay Freedom Parade
The Associated Press
June 30, 1980, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 448 words
Byline: By DAVID EINSTEIN, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


There were marches in several cities marking the past decade's achievements in homosexual rights, but none matched San Francisco's Gay Freedom Day parade and celebration.
Colorful, diverse and a bit ribald, Sunday's annual event drew about 100,000 people along a 1 1/2 -mile route. The marchers offered a full spectrum of the gay experience of this city, where some estimate 10 percent of the 650,000 residents are homosexual.
Dozens of floats -- representing "Gay Professionals," Gay Lawyers," "Gay Doctors" and "Gay Realtors" -- bobbed amid the mass of humanity along the parade route. Many of the more than 100 groups that marched carried banners.
Several dozen motorcycles driven by lesbians roared by, the women wearing T-shirts marked "Dykes on Bikes."
Individuals dressed in leather, others in sequins and one man who wore nothing at all wove their own color into the tapestry of the march, speeches and carnival.
The march was one of several across the country marking Gay Pride Week to commemorate the so-called Stonewall Rebellion, a battle between homosexuals and New York police in 1969.
In New York, at least 10,000 homosexuals marched up Fifth Avenue in a boisterous demonstration that concluded with a rally in Central Park.
The New York City Gay Community Marching Band headed the parade. Among its members was a female flute player who yelled, "Let's hear it for gay bookkeepers!," adding, "My numbers may be straight, but that's all!"
Thousands of spectators braved 100-degree heat and lined sidewalks along the parade route Sunday in Houston to catch a glimpse of the 49 flower and ribbon-decorated floats and costumed riders in its parade.
Many of the marchers wore black arm bands to mourn the death of Fredrick William Paez, a 27-year-old Gay Political Caucus worker who detectives said was shot and killed Saturday in a struggle with an off-duty Houston police officer.
The shooting came on the same day that a seminar entitled "Gays and the HPD (Houston Police Department)" was held at the University of Houston as part of the second annual Gay Pride Week.
In Seattle, several thousand homosexuals staged a five-block long procession, chanting for rights they say have yet to be gained.
No major incidents were reported in any of the demonstrations, including others held in Miami and Chicago.
San Francisco Supervisor Harry Britt, one of the Gay Freedom Day speakers in that city, said that when the parade began nine years ago, "It was kind of a circus for the rest of the world to come and stare at.
"Now," said Britt, "it's an affirmation of the participation of gay people in the larger society, and there's a lot more strength, a lot more naturalness when we come together."

Graphic

 
Laserphoto FX1


End of Document
Page  of Anderson Endorses Gay Rights Bill



Anderson Endorses Gay Rights Bill
The Associated Press
April 21, 1980, Monday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 295 words
Byline: By JANET STAIHAR, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


Republican presidential candidate John B. Anderson endorsed proposed legislation Monday that is intended to safeguard the civil rights of male and female homosexuals.
The Illinois congressman's support was announced at a briefing held to arouse support for the bill, which first was introduced five years ago in an attempt to bar discrimination against an estimated 20 million homosexual Americans.
Rep. Henry A. Waxman, D-Calif., announced Anderson's decision to join 53 other House sponsors of the legislation, which is sought by the Gay Rights National Lobby and the National Gay Task Force.
Anderson did not attend the session, but his endorsement was confirmed by his presidential campaign office.
"If freedom under our Constitition is to have a real meaning, this legislation is a natural extension of one's individual rights," Anderson said in a prepared statement read to a reporter.
 Herbert Rickman, special assistant to New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who wrote the original gay rights bill as a congressman in 1975, said the votes of homosexuals in political campaigns is becoming an important factor.
 Rickman said one reason Sen. Edward M. Kennedy won New York's Democratic presidential primary was because he paid attention to the homosexual vote in the city.
"The gay community has emerged as a powerful and responsible political constituency which can no longer be ignored by the political process," said Waxman, who represents the Hollywood district.
Rep. Ted Weiss, D-N.Y., said the bill he and Waxman introduced would amend civil rights laws to prohibit discrimination against homosexuals in jobs, housing and public facilities. It also would ban discrimination in all federally assisted programs, including welfare, education, recreation, hospitals and taxation.


End of Document
Page  of Homosexuals Throng Reno For National Gay Rodeo



Homosexuals Throng Reno For National Gay Rodeo
The Associated Press
August 1, 1981, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1981 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 362 words
Byline: By MITCHELL LANDSBERG, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: RENO, Nev.
Body


Outside the fairgrounds, a sign warned, "This is a gay-oriented event." Inside, cowpokes were busting broncs and roping calves.
Homosexuals from coast to coast poured into Reno on Friday as the National Gay Rodeo got under way at the state fairgrounds.
Event organizers -- the Comstock Gay Rodeo Association -- expected 10,000 or more people to attend the weekend festivities, which included the "Stand By Your Man" country music concert and the Mr. and Ms. Gay Rodeo contest in addition to the usual rodeo events.
All proceeds from the rodeo, now in its fourth year, will go to charity, according to the organizers.
The rodeo was the subject of considerable debate in Reno and throughout Nevada. Washoe County Commissioner Belie Williams started the uproar earlier this year when he tried to convince the state fair board to cancel the Gay Rodeo's contract.
The state attorney general's office eventually halted debate by saying the state couldn't legally discontinue the contract. In the meantime, however, Lieutenant Gov. Myron Leavitt said he was "strongly opposed to queers using public property."
There was little evidence of controversy at the fairgrounds Friday, as uniformed security guards waved the first cars of rodeo-goers into the parking lot.
Inside, workers were putting the finishing touches on booths offering brightly colored cowboy hats, "Rhinestone" western shirts, postcards and buttons all bearing the logo of the Gay Rodeo.
At one booth, a seller offered "'Rezo Strange,' The Gay Novel of the Old West."
At the front of the ticket line, four men were chatting together as they waited for tickets to go on sale. Two had driven a quick 30 or 40 miles from nearby Lake Tahoe, but the others had come from Miami.
Bearded Mitchell Friedman of Lake Tahoe said he was particularly pleased with the rodeo "since there's so much controversy in Reno."
He said he expected the dispute over the rodeo had drawn more people than otherwise would have come.
"It's probably just the opposite of what they wanted," said Wayne M. Lampert, of Miami.
All four said they were rodeo fans. Said Lampert: "I've always preferred it to the circus. The painted ladies never turned me on."

Graphic

 
Laserphoto RO1


End of Document
Page  of New PAC Gives Money to Republican Supporters of Gay Rights



New PAC Gives Money to Republican Supporters of Gay Rights
The Associated Press
October 16, 1984, Tuesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 634 words
Byline: By RITA BEAMISH, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Complaining that contributions from gay Republicans almost always go to Democratic campaign coffers, a new political action committee is trying to ensure a fair share for GOP gay rights supporters.
"It's amazing how much money there is in the gay Republican community that is coming out of the closet," said Thomas Hunter Russell, treasurer of Californians for Individual Rights and Civil Liberties-Political Action Committee.
Gay Republican activists formed CIRCL-PAC when they became annoyed that a non-partisan gay political action committee in Los Angeles was sending nearly all its contributions to Democrats.
CIRCL-PAC was formed a year ago by the Los Angeles-area Log Cabin Club, a Republican club for gay people and their supporters.
Many gay Republicans were reluctant to make political contributions to gay organizations because the money went to Democrats, said Russell, Log Cabin's president.
"We are encouraging human rights consciousness in the Republican Party. We don't care whether they're gay, straight or otherwise, just so they're committed to human rights," said Russell, a candidate for the state Senate.
"My sense is that one of the reasons that gay issues have always been controversial for people is because gay people … move to California, or to New York or to Chicago or wherever," said Rich Eychaner, an unsuccessful candidate for Congress in this year's Republican primary in central Iowa's 4th District.
"I'm a believer that for any major developments to happen both parties pretty much have to be on board," said Eychaner, who had said his homosexuality gave him a "tremendous advantage in terms of name recognition."
Perhaps the most prominent openly homosexual conservative is former U.S. Rep. Robert E. Bauman of Maryland. A leading spokesman for the New Right in Congress in the 1970s, Bauman acknowledged he had voted against several proposals that would have enhance legal rights for homosexuals.
"I was wrong," he said last year in urging the American Bar Association to support legislation banning discrimination against homosexuals. "A person can mature."
After surviving a move last year to oust him from the board of directors of the American Conservative Union, Bauman said, "The conservative movement has been viewed as anti-gay. And I am still on the board. I think this is evidence of maturity in the movement."
"Gay Republicans have two closets, the gay closet and the darker, deeper one _ the Republican one," Russell said.
CIRCL-PAC reported raising $36,000 this year, according to the Secretary of State's office, and has distributed contributions, mostly under $500, to about a dozen candidates in the San Francisco and Los Angeles areas.
One recipient is Republican state Sen. Ed Davis of Los Angeles, who last year championed legislation to ban discrimination in employment against homosexuals. Gov. George Deukmejian vetoed the bill last spring.
A former Los Angeles police chief who railed against the idea of homosexual officers on his force, Davis admits that gay rights still is not a priority with his party.
"What's important is the attitude of individual Republicans and individual Democrats," he said recently. "I see my import as not acting through the party, but acting on the public."
The 7-year-old Metropolitan Elections Committee of Los Angeles is the city's major fund-raising group among gay people. Though MECLA has generally endorsed Democrats, it has Republicans on its executive board and says it welcomes opportunities to back GOP candidates.
The organization's co-chairman, Larry Sprenger, said he doesn't see CIRCL-PAC as competition.
And state GOP officials are leaving CIRCL-PAC on its own, said party political director John Rico.
"They're doing their own thing," Rico said. "If they can raise money to help candidates then more power to them."


End of Document
Page  of Blood deficiency could precede gay plague



Blood deficiency could precede gay plague
United Press International
September 16, 1982, Thursday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 453 words
Byline: By JAN ZIEGLER
Dateline: BOSTON
Body


More than 80 percent of male homosexuals tested lacked certain disease-fighting cells in their blood, possibly leaving them prey to ''Gay Plague'' -- a lethal array of unusual infections, a study shows.
The study from St. Luke's-Roosevelt Medical Center in New York found 67 of 81 homosexual men tested had deficiencies in certain disease-fighting cells in their bloodstream, but the deficiency was not as severe as victims of Gay Plague, which has killed more than 200 gays.
Thirty-one of those with abnormalities also had symptoms such as weight loss, diarrhea or fever, which often precede ''Gay Plague'' by up to a year, the study in the New England Journal of Medicine said Wednesday.
The researchers investigated certain types of T-cells, which are a kind of lymphocyte. Lymphocytes are a type of white blood cell that makes up 80 percent of the body's circulating disease-fighting cells.
''Whatever the cause and the importance of the altered T-cell subsets in male homosexuals, the finding of a detectable abnormality in over 80 percent of those tested suggests a greater public health problem than is generally appreciated,'' the study said.
''The study establishes the fact that this particular immune measurement is abnormal in a number of homosexuals and may or may not identify patients who may go on to a more serious infection or a tumor,'' said Dr. Michael H. Grieco, a co-author of the study.
''It may only reflect common infections,'' he said.
The reason for the immune deficiency was not known, the study said.
A special task force at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta has recorded more than 500 cases of ''Gay Plague,'' also known as ''Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.'' The syndrome has claimed 233 lives.
All the victims' natural defenses broke down and left them prey to a rare form of cancer called Kaposi's sarcoma, an unusual pneumonia known as pneumocystis carnii and other diseases.
Proposed reasons for the breakdown have included treatment with immunosuppressive drugs, sniffing of amyl or butyl nitrite vapors, previous viral infections and sexual promiscuity.
The St. Luke's study recruited volunteers who were not victims of ''Gay Plague'' and found those who were more promiscuous also tended to have more severe immune deficiencies. The researchers speculated this may have been due to greater exposure to sexually transmitted viruses.
Also, 79 of the volunteers had been infected at some time with cytomegalovirus, a virus that can be sexually transmitted but that causes little illness.
The researchers found no relation between the deficiency and use of nitrites.
The gay syndrome was first identified in New York City in 1979. Large numbers of victims have also appeared in California.


End of Document
Page  of Increase in Gay Venereal Diseases



Increase in Gay Venereal Diseases
The Associated Press
February 3, 1984, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 334 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


A new study by the city's public health department shows that rectal gonorrhea among gay men, a disease that slumped dramatically during the AIDS scare last summer, is surging again.
A separate department study also found that many gay men have resumed going to bathhouses and sex clubs despite the dangers of engaging in promiscuous sexual activity.
"This says that at the same time we noticed increased activity at the bathhouses, sex clubs and adult bookstores, we started seeing another increase (in rectal gonorrhea)," Dr. Selma Dritz of the city's Bureau of Communicable Disease Control said Thursday.
"This is very strong, presumptive evidence of a parallel," she said. "Sexual activity in this kind of place is highly dangerous _ not for moral, ethical or political reasons, but purely from a public health point of view."
Dr. Donald Abrams, assistant director of the AIDS Clinic at San Francisco General Hospital, urged owners of bathhouses to close them.
"More people are dying of AIDS every week _ it's clear that the bathhouses need to close," he said. "I don't think they should be closed by the government, but they need to close because of lack of business. I'm in favor of a boycott."
The head of the federal AIDS research effort also said gay bathhouses should close because they encourage promiscuous sexual activity.
"Gay men need to know that if they're going to have promiscuous sex, they won't live very long," said Dr. James Curran, coordinator of the AIDS task force at the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta. "They'll have the life expectancy of people in the developing world."
AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome, is marked by the inability of the body's immune system to resist disease. The cause of the is not known, but it is probably due to a yet unidentified virus.
Homosexuals, Haitians, abusers of injectable drugs and hemophiliacs are most likely to get AIDS. It is apparently spread by sexual contact, contaminated needles and blood transfusions, not by casual contact.


End of Document
Page  of Ensign Gay Recalls the Battle of Midway



Ensign Gay Recalls the Battle of Midway
The Associated Press
June 4, 1982, Friday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 1121 words
Byline: By JOHN PLATERO, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: NAPLES, Fla.
Body


One by one, screaming Japanese Zeroes picked off the 15 Douglas TBD-1 Devastators in George H. Gay's torpedo-bomber squadron _ some exploded into flames, others disappeared into the sea.
Gay's own plane shuddered as it was struck by machine-gun bullets.
"They got me!," cried his radioman-gunner, Bob Huntington of Los Angeles.
"I turned and saw him slump down and knew he was dead," recalls Gay, the only member of the 30-man Torpedo Squadron 8 to survive the June 4, 1942 mission.
It was the beginning of one of the most decisive naval battles of World War II _ the Battle of Midway.
The young pilot felt something hit his left upper arm and saw blood. Shrapnel buried itself in his hand. But he aimed the TBD-1 toward a turning carrier and reached across the cockpit with his right hand to grab the torpedo release.
"I think it was released, but I really can't be sure," he says.
Gay flew on across the carrier's flight deck. On the other side of the ship, a 20mm shell hit his plane, which slammed into the sea.
Gay freed himself from the sinking plane, only to have Zeros strafe him in the water. It was then he lost his souvenir _ the bullet he had squeezed from his damaged arm fell out of his mouth.
"I looked up and saw the whole Jap navy steaming right down on me," he recalls. That's when the U.S dive bombers came in for the attack.
Gay was in the middle of the enemy fleet _ "sitting in the bull's-eye" _ as it turned. The concussion of bombs, big guns and ships exploding around him added to the pain of his wounds.
At one point, a Japanese cruiser passed, and Gay peeked from beneath the seat cushion where he took refuge. "A Japanese officer on the bridge saw me and waved his samurai sword at me," he chuckles.
After the American planes left, Japanese ships picked up survivors and scuttled badly damaged ships. But by morning, the enemy had drifted away, leaving Gay to float aboard a damaged life raft.
Thirty hours after he was shot down, Gay was rescued by a PBY seaplane and flown to Midway, then to a hospital a thousand miles east in Pearl Harbor.
"I'm not a hero; I'm a survivor," says Gay, who downplays the heroism that won him the Navy Cross for his role in the June 4, 1942, action.
Historians consider the battle, in which U.S. naval planes turned back a Japanese fleet seeking to establish a base for strikes against Hawaii, the turning point of the Pacific campaign.
One U.S. carrier, the Yorktown, was lost. Japan committed four of its six Pearl Harbor attack carriers and lost them all, along with more than 300 planes and many of its best naval pilots.
While it seemed the torpedo bombers were sacrificed to no avail, they contributed to the victory by occupying the four carriers in Vice Adm. Chuichi Nugamo's main strike force during crucial minutes while dive bombers from U.S. carriers Enterprise and Yorktown joined the battle.
The busy Japanese carriers were unable to launch their own air strike and their fighter cover was drawn toward the surface to attack the torpedo planes, leaving the big ships vulnerable.
Three carriers _ Akagi, Soryu and Kaga _ were hit by the dive bombers that arrived shortly after Gay went down. All eventually sank.
Retired since 1975 after 30 years as a Trans World Airlines pilot, Gay, 65, often leaves his Gulf Coast home for speaking appearances. He recently published an autobiography titled "Sole Survivor."
Born in Waco, Texas, Gay was 24 when he enlisted as a naval aviation cadet in February 1941. He learned to fly in Opa-locka and Jacksonville, Fla., and was commissioned Sept. 6, 1941. Sent to the Naval Air Station in Norfolk, Va., he became a member of Torpedo Squadron 8 (VT-8) on Feb. 3, 1942.
The squadron was put aboard the aircraft carrier Hornet, which sailed March 7 for San Diego via the Panama Canal. VT-8 was assigned TBD-1 Devastors equipped to carry a pilot, bombardier and radioman-gunner. (The bombardiers didn't go on the June 4, 1942 mission.)
Gay and most of the other pilots had never made a carrier take-off or landing. He remembers his first.
"Somewhere between Panama and San Diego, I took off with a full crew and depth charges, flew a three-hour patrol and landed back aboard," he says. When he climbed out of his plane, he recalls, the squadron commander, Lt. Cmdr. John C. Waldron of Fort Pierce, S.D., told him: "Two more and you're qualified."
On April 1, the Hornet was towed from San Francisco to Alameda Air station where 16 Army B-25s were loaded on its flight deck. The bombers were under the command of Army Col. Jimmy Doolittle.
As the Hornet headed for Pearl Harbor, Gay heard Doolittle tell a crowded wardroom his bombers were going to Tokyo. Doolittle's men would startle Japan and rally U.S. patriotism with their daring raid on Tokyo on April 18, 1942.
The next month, U.S. intelligence learned a large, revenge-minded Japanese fleet was on the move in the Pacific. Adm. Chester W. Nimitz's fleet set out from Pearl Harbor to find it.
"What we didn't know then was the Japanese force had 187 ships, 100,000 men and 713 aircraft. Their fleet included eight carriers, 11 battleships and 22 cruisers. We had three carriers (Hornet, Enterprise and Yorktown), no battleships, eight cruisers and only 365 planes. And 110 of those planes were on shore.
"That's what I call incentive," Gays laughs.
On the morning of June 4, a patrol plane flying northwest of Midway Island radioed: "Many aircraft headed for Midway."
Vastly outnumbered but with the vital advantage of intercepted Japanese message traffic, Nimitz decided to time an aerial attack when the Japanese planes would be returning to their carriers low on fuel after hitting Midway.
When the hour came, the United States launched fighters, scout planes and the dive bombers. VT-8 was to go last because the others needed time to gain altitude before the torpedo bombers went in at sea level.
The other planes from the Hornet didn't find the enemy carriers, leaving the torpedo squadron fatally vulnerable. A key lesson of Midway was the need for coordinated naval air attacks.
Waldron put Gay at the tail of the formation as navigation officer while it searched for the enemy. Gay wasn't pleased with the "tail-end Charlie" position, but now believes that it may have saved his life.
"If the battle had been in Europe, I would have been the first one shot down. But I learned later when the Japanese flew, only the man in front knew where they were going. They figured everyone did the same, that's why they always attacked the planes in front."
After he was rescued, Gay returned stateside for several months, then was assigned to Guadalcanal, where he earned two Air Medals for combat flying. He was promoted to lieutenant before the war's end.
He was never assigned to a carrier again.


End of Document
Page  of City to Close Gay Baths Over AIDS Fears



City to Close Gay Baths Over AIDS Fears
The Associated Press
March 30, 1984, Friday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 444 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


City officials and homosexual leaders have joined together to call for the closing of gay bathhouses, where sexual promiscuity is common, in an effort to curb the spread of AIDS.
Dr. Mervyn Silverman, the city's public health director, planned to outline the city's position today. It was not immediately known whether the city would try to close all bathhouses and private clubs or just certain ones.
The move comes after meetings between Silverman and homosexual leaders this week in which participants agreed that temporary closure of the bathhouses was necessary.
"The decision to support closing the baths has been an extremely difficult one for gay leaders, but it was an unavoidable response to this crisis," San Francisco Supervisor Harry Britt said Thursday.
City attorneys have been struggling with devising a method for enforcing any decision to close the bathhouses.
"We've never done this before so we're not sure how it works," said Burk Delventhal, deputy city attorney.
AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome, attacks the body's immune system, leaving the victims susceptible to rare and usually fatal diseases. Doctors believe it is spread by through exchanges of bodily fluids during sexual contact, intravenous drug use and blood transfusions. It is most common among homosexual men.
The gay leaders and city officials supporting closure of the bathhouses expressed concern that the sexual promiscuity at many facilities helped spread AIDS.
A statement signed by gay businessmen, physicians and political leaders asked Silverman to close all businesses "intended to facilitate anonymous, high-volume, high-risk, sexual behavior."
About a dozen licensed bathhouses are in San Francisco, about half of them designed for gay men where sex is said to be prevalent. Besides these there are also private clubs for gay men in the city where sex is common.
Mayor Dianne Feinstein said she will support Silverman in his decision to crack down on bathhouses.
The move apparently grew out of an effort announced earlier this week by some gay leaders to get a proposition on the ballot in November prohibiting sexual activity in bathouses.
Bathhouse owners reacted with defiance when they heard about the city's proposal to close their businesses.
"I'm going to fight it," said Bill Jones, who owns the Sutro Bathhouses. Jones said the bathhouses provide valuable education on AIDS for gay men, adding, "Bathhouses are the best source of information to safe sex."
"We will vigorously resist the self-serving alarmists who use the public concern about AIDS to accomplish their homophobic political agendas," said Sal Accardi of the Northern California Baths Association.


End of Document
Page  of Health director may shut down gay bathhouses



Health director may shut down gay bathhouses
United Press International
March 30, 1984, Friday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 448 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Gay bathhouses, long suspected of being a leading cause of the spread of AIDS, may be closed by the city's public health director.
Dr. Mervyn Silverman today was expected to announce plans to close the bathhouses. However, he refused late Thursday to confirm rumors of the announcement.
Several gay businessmen, physicians and political leaders reportedly urged Silverman in a statement to ''temporarily close'' businesses ''intended to facilitate anonymous, high-volume, high-risk sexual behavior.''
The coalition of gay leaders said a health department order is preferable to a potentially divisive and embarassing fight over a proposed ballot proposition to prohibit bathhouse sex.
Most AIDS researchers think gay bathhouses and private sex clubs are a prime cause of the fast spread of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, which causes abreakdown in the body's immunity against diseases. AIDS is thought to afflict mostly homosexual men, hemophiliacs and intravenous drug users.
Larry Littlejohn Tuesday launched a campaign to get a proposition on the November ballot that would prohibit sexual activity in bathhouses. A 20-year veteran of gay politics, Littlejohn is expected to get support from both gay and straight voters, estimated to be between 20,000 and 80,000.
The measure prompted many in the gay community to support closing the bathhouses.
Mayor Dianne Feinstein and Roger Boas, the city's chief administrative officer who is Silverman's boss, both favor closing the bathhouses and indicate they would support Silverman if he decided to do so.
But a spokesman for the Northern California Baths Association said his group will go to court if necessary and do ''everything we can to resist this alarmist hysterical approach'' to the baths.
''We are resolved that we will vigorously resist the self-serving alarmists who use the public concern about AIDS to accomplish their homophobic political agendas,'' said Sol Accardi.
The city attorney's office worked out the legal mechanics of enforcing the quarantine.
''We've never done this before so we're not sure how it works,'' said Deputy City Attorney Burk Delventhal.
It was not immediately clear whether the ban would apply to all the city's saunas and hot tub facilites, or just the estimated 20 bathhouses, clubs and other businesses known to promote homosexual liaisons.
Silverman received an opinion from the city attorney's office more than nine months ago that said he has the power to close any business ''for the protection of the public health and comfort.''
Supervisor Harry Britt, an acknowledged homosexual, was expected to support the closings. He has suggested the bathhouses be converted to housing for homeless AIDS patients.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Freedom Parade Draws An Estimated 100,000 People



Gay Freedom Parade Draws An Estimated 100,000 People
The Associated Press
June 29, 1980, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 341 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Police estimated 100,000 people marched in San Francisco's annual Gay Freedom Day Parade on Sunday, and reported the event went off without incident.
Police information officer Henry Friedlander said that the 1 1/2 -mile march to Civic Center Plaza near City Hall was peaceful.
"The crowd's been very mellow," he said.
He estimated that some 50,000 people remained in the Civic Center area for music, speeches and general festivities that included a carnival.
Police generally kept a low profile for the parade, and, as with last year's parade, no major incidents were reported. About 15 months ago many of the city's homosexuals congregated in Civic Center, and a violent protest erupted in response to the voluntary manslaughter conviction of Dan White, a city supervisor.
White shot to death Mayor George Moscone and homosexual Supervisor Harvey Milk in November 1978 and the city's homosexuals rioted when a White was not convicted on a murder charge.
As the parade started, a reporter saw a policeman not even blink an eye as a totally naked man sauntered by. A small contingent of riot-ready police was spotted, however, on Market and Larkin Streets near the end of the march route.
Hundreds of balloons were released to float over the Embarcadero as the parade began.
Spectators lined Market Street as dozens of colorful floats, banners and flags passed by.
Several floats identified their sponsors, including "Gay Professionals," "Gay Lawyers," "Gay Doctors," and "Gay Realtors."
A cheer went up when the Harvey Milk Gay Democratic Club float went by.
Police began placing barricades Saturday night on several streets leading to the Civic Center plaza. Colorful banners were set flying in a brisk westerly breeze from several points. On Larkin Street, flanking the eastern side of the plaza, carnival rides were erected.
The parade included the Gay Freedom Day Marching and Twirling Society, dozens of floats and hundreds of banner-carrying groups.
Marches celebrating Gay Pride Week were also held in other cities, including Seattle, Houston and New York.


End of Document
Page  of Christian fundamentalists blamed for gay oppression



Christian fundamentalists blamed for gay oppression
United Press International
June 21, 1982, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 340 words
Byline: By GLENN BLACKMON
Dateline: LITTLE ROCK, Ark.
Body


Christian fundamentalists hiding behind religion are using state laws to oppress homosexuals, an American Civil Liberties Union member told gay rights activists wearing bags over their heads to protect their identities.
''History is being made in Little Rock today,'' Bill Johnson of Memphis told the group of gay rights supporters Sunday on the steps of the state Capitol.
Johnson, an ACLU worker in Tennessee, said the same Christian fundamentalism that spawned Arkansas' creation science law was allowing the state to discriminate against homosexuals.
''The Christian fundamentalists are using God as a scapegoat to oppress us,'' Johnson said. ''You can be fired in this state, and you have no recourse. You can be evicted from your home or a room at the Holiday Inn, and you have no recourse.
''It is illegal in every state to marry the person you love,'' he said.
The crowd of about 100 sweltering under a warm Arkanas sun threw down the paper sacks they had worn over their heads to protect their identities. The rally kicked off Gay Pride Week in the state.
The Arkansas chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union had warned homosexuals attending the rally to wear the paper sacks because of the state's laws against sodomy. Half an hour after the rally started, however, only two in a crowd of 100 still had their heads covered.
''Homosexuals are labeled in this state as criminals, sick or sinners,'' said Susan McGrievy, a Los Angeles lawyer with the ACLU and an avowed lesbian. ''We are not.
''Ten percent of the people in the world are gay,'' she said, ''and there is not anything we or anybody else can do about it.''
Sandra Kurjiaka, the state ACLU director, said most of the people dropped their bags because of the encouragement of having other members of the gay community at the rally.
''Once they got here they wanted to be proud of who they are,'' she said.
Arkansas' sodomy law dates to 1977 when the Legislature specifically outlawed homosexual acts. The state earlier had passed a law allowing sex between ''consenting adults.''


End of Document
Page  of Harvard faculty member's remark angers gay students



Harvard faculty member's remark angers gay students
United Press International
May 7, 1982, Friday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 226 words
Dateline: CAMBRIDGE, Mass.
Body


Angry gay students at Harvard University are staging a petition campaign to protest a faculty member's statement that homosexuality is a ''misfortune'' and ''a poor way of life.''
The Harvard-Radcliffe Gay Students Association wants the university to formally adopt a nondiscrimination policy toward homosexuals because of the comments by Edward L. Pattullo, director of the university's Center for Behavioral Sciences.
The furor was touched off when Pattullo said in a letter to the editor of a campus publication last week homosexuality was a lifestyle to be discouraged. He said he wrote the letter characterizing homosexuality as a ''misfortune'' and ''a poor way of life'' following a statement in the Harvard Independent, in which the publication supported a ''gay-lesbian awareness day.''
In the past week, the gay student group has collected more than 600 names from members of the Harvard community opposing Pattullo's statement and calling for an explicit nondiscrimination policy.
The group also has sent a letter to Harvard Dean Henry Rosovsky asking to meet with him to ''clarify publicly just what policies are concerning gay students and research.''
The campus daily, the Harvard Crimson, got into the controversy Thursday editorializing the Ivy League school should formally declare it does not ''discriminate on the basis of sexual preference.''


End of Document
Page  of City Council rejects gay rights law



City Council rejects gay rights law
United Press International
April 13, 1984, Friday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 351 words
Byline: By ROB GLOSTER
Dateline: NEW ORLEANS
Body


An effort by civil libertarians to make New Orleans the first major Southern city to ban discrimination against homosexuals has fizzled in a tie vote by City Councilmen.
The Council Thursday rejected a gay rights ordinance when two members expected to support the ordinance -- including a co-sponsor - voted against the proposal after five hours of debate. The result was a 3-3 tie.
Four votes were needed to pass the ordinance, which would have prohibited discrimination against gays in employment, housing and the use of public facilities such as restaurants, theaters and motels.
Ordinance supporters vowed to continue their fight, and one woman said, ''We'll regroup and we'll win.''
Council member Wayne Babovich, an ordinance co-sponsor, said unprecedented opposition from his constituents led to his negative vote. He said he received hundreds of telephone calls and letters, and notes were left on his windshield.
''Overriding everything else was the fact my district was adamantly opposed to the ordinance,'' he said. ''This has been a very hot and heavy issue.''
Council member Joseph Giarrusso, who also was counted as a supporter by gay coalition leaders, explained before he voted the ordinance was unenforceable and discriminatory against heterosexuals.
One of the seven council members, Jim Singleton, was on military leave and did not vote, but gay coalition leaders said he probably would not have cast the deciding vote in favor of the law.
During the debate, proponents equated the law with civil rights legislation that brought blacks into the national mainstream in the 1960s.
But Marie Galatas, a black woman who identified herself as a Christian, rejected the comparison between blacks and gays.
''We're supposed to be a nation under God,'' she said. ''The Bible tells us homosexuals are an abomination and a stench under God's nostrils. Our city cannot become another San Francisco.''
San Francisco, Philadelphia, Detroit and at least 50 other cities have passed gay rights legislation. No major city in Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi or the Carolinas has such an ordinance on its books.


End of Document
Page  of Councilman opposes anti-gay discrimination amendment



Councilman opposes anti-gay discrimination amendment
United Press International
June 6, 1984, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 250 words
Dateline: HOUSTON
Body


A city councilman said he is fighting a plan that would protect gays from job discrimination because he does not want homosexuals to be ''role models'' for children.
Councilman John Goodner is working to defeat an amendment to the city's civil service ordinance that would safeguard homosexual city employees from job discrimination.
Goodner said Tuesday the city should not ask job applicants if they are gay, but when officials learn that a homosexual is in a job that includes close contact with children, the employee should be removed from the job.
''I don't want homosexuals being role models for our children,'' Goodner said. ''What they do in their own community is their own business, I suppose.''
The city council was scheduled to vote on the matter Tuesday, but action was delayed for at least a week.
Houston's politically powerful gay community has been pushing for the changes for years.
Goodner cited recreation jobs in the Parks Department and openings in the police juvenile division as types of jobs homosexuals should not hold.
But Ray Hill, a board member of the Gay Political Caucus and head of the Houston Human Rights League, said it is a myth that homosexuals tend to ''molest'' children.
Goodner said there is no need to change the ordinance because the city has not discriminated against gays in the past.
But Assistant City Attorney Paul Bibler, who prepared the amendment, said the changes would ''codify'' the city's longstanding practice of equal employment opportunities for gays.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Freedom Parade Draws An Estimated 100,000 People



Gay Freedom Parade Draws An Estimated 100,000 People
The Associated Press
June 29, 1980, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 315 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Police estimated 100,000 people marched in San Francisco's annual Gay Freedom Day Parade on Sunday, and reported the event went off without incident.
Police information officer Henry Friedlander said that the 1 1/2 -mile march to Civic Center Plaza near City Hall was peaceful.
"The crowd's been very mellow," he said.
He estimated that some 50,000 people remained in the Civic Center area for music, speeches and general festivities that included a carnival.
Police generally kept a low profile for the parade. The last time so many of the city's homosexuals congregated in Civic Center was in May 1979, when a violent protest erupted in response to the voluntary manslaughter conviction of Dan White, a city supervisor. White shot to death Mayor George Moscone and homosexual Supervisor Harvey Milk in November 1978 and the city's homosexuals rioted when a White was not convicted on a murder charge.
As the parade started, a reporter saw a policeman not even blink an eye as a totally naked man sauntered by. A small contingent of riot-ready police was spotted, however, on Market and Larkin Streets near the end of the march route.
Hundreds of balloons were released to float over the Embarcadero as the parade began.
Spectators lined Market Street as dozens of colorful floats, banners and flags passed by.
Several floats identified their sponsors, including "Gay Professionals," "Gay Lawyers," "Gay Doctors," and "Gay Realtors."
A cheer went up when the Harvey Milk Gay Democratic Club float went by.
Police began placing barricades Saturday night on several streets leading to the Civic Center plaza. Colorful banners were set flying in a brisk westerly breeze from several points. On Larkin Street, flanking the eastern side of the plaza, carnival rides were erected.
The parade included the Gay Freedom Day Marching and Twirling Society, dozens of floats and hundreds of banner-carrying groups.


End of Document
Page  of ACLU says FBI illegally spied on gays



ACLU says FBI illegally spied on gays
United Press International
September 12, 1984, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 360 words
Byline: By MARK Z. BARABAK
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Hundreds of documents reveal the FBI illegally spied on gay and lesbian organizations for more than 30 years and told agents to collect potentially prejudicial information on activists' personal lives.
The American Civil Liberties Union said Tuesday that heavily censored documents have been turned over since March to Dan Siminoski, a gay activist and former Texas Tech political science professor who filed a Freedom of Information Act suit through the ACLU in October 1983.
''Basically what the documents indicate is that certain organizations were infiltrated even though there was no evidence of wrongdoing,'' said John Heilman, Siminoski's lawyer.
He said the documents indicate that FBI agents were told to obtain potentially prejudicial information on the personal lives of gay and lesbian activists.
Speaking of late FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, Heilman said ''in several cases, investigations were terminated because no evidence of wrongdoing was found, only to be reopened by instruction from either Hoover or one of his assistants.''
Heilman said litigation is pending to force the FBI to release thousands of additional documents and challenging deletions made in the 4,000 pages the agency has surrendered.
About half of the materials have been blacked out, he said, with the FBI claiming disclosure would jeopardize national security.
William Carter, an FBI spokesman in Washington, confirmed the release of 4,000 pages of documents to Siminoski, but said the agency would not comment on Heilman's allegations because of pending litigation.
Carter noted that much of the material predates investigative guidelines the attorney general drafted in the 1970s after disclosures the FBI improperly spied on activists in the anti-war, women's and civil rights movements.
The FBI has admitted surveillance of at least a dozen gay or lesbian organizations in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, San Diego, Denver, Chicago, New York and New Haven, Conn., Heilman said.
Heilman said there are no immediate plans to file a civil rights suit against the FBI.
He said Siminoski, a gay activist, plans to write a book about the FBI's conduct toward the gay rights movement.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Rights Demonstrators Rally At Capitol



Gay Rights Demonstrators Rally At Capitol
The Associated Press
June 21, 1982, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 296 words
Dateline: LITTLE ROCK, Ark.
Body


Some of the 60 people attending a rally for homosexual rights wore paper bags over their heads after the American Civil Liberties Union advised the demonstrators to conceal their identitities.
State ACLU leader Sandra Kurjiaka warned before the Gay Pride Week demonstration at the Capitol on Sunday that several people photographed at the rally last year lost their jobs.
She asked photographers not to take close-ups of the demonstrators, who wore lavender armbands and waved signs and balloons.
"It's time for gay people in Arkansas to stop going to the back of the bus," she said.
A 1977 state law makes homosexual acts a criminal offense, and Mrs. Kurjiaka chided the demonstrators for not protesting sooner. "Your silence speaks loudly," she said. "Through your silence you let them say that you are deviant and perverted."
Paul Gordon, president of the Arkansas Gay Rights organization that co-sponsored the rally with the ACLU, said he was pleased with the turnout, more than double the number that attended last year.
Los Angeles lawyer Susan McGreivy, director of the National ACLU Gay Rights Project, told demonstrators that conservative groups have labeled homosexuals and lesbians as criminals, sick or sinners.
She told reporters Saturday that homosexuals can't live a normal life in Arkansas because of the state's anti-sodomy law. Homosexuals can be fired from jobs and lose custody of their children if they acknowledge their homosexuality, she said.
"People do not choose to be homosexuals and do not deserve to be prosecuted or persecuted because of it," she said.
The Legislature passed the 1977 law outlawing homosexual acts after enacting a state criminal code legalizing sex between consenting adults. Ms. McGreivy said 27 states have decriminalized homosexuality.

Graphic

 
Laserphoto LR1


End of Document
Page  of Gays, Renters Join in Hopes of Forming New City



Gays, Renters Join in Hopes of Forming New City
The Associated Press
November 5, 1984, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 883 words
Byline: By RITA BEAMISH, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif.
Body


A chance to form the nation's first city controlled by homosexuals has infused this two-square-mile community with a sense of history and hopes for a "gay Camelot" as Tuesday's election nears.
The actual question before voters in the Los Angeles County territory sandwiched between Beverly Hills and Los Angeles is whether to incorporate the area as a city.
The chief impetus for cityhood was the issue of rent control. The existing rent-control ordinance was due to be phased out beginning in January, which concerned the 88 percent of residents who rent their shelter.
That issue has been somewhat diffused by a last-minute extension of the ordinance, and now attention centers on the likelihood that a new city council in the new city would be dominated by gay men and lesbians.
About half of the 40 candidates for a five-member City Council _ which takes power if the cityhood passes _ are openly gay.
Proponents say incorporation is a foregone conclusion.
"The question is not whether we're going to be a city. Everyone has taken that for granted. The question is what kind of city are we going to be," said council candidate Ron Stone, 36, who spearheaded the cityhood drive.
There are no precise estimates, but most people put the gay population at about a third of the community's 36,000 residents, and many businesses in West Hollywood are gay-owned or gay-oriented, including two banks and several gay clubs.
While gay activists emphasize they would run a city responsive to the needs of all its citizens, the cityhood proposal offers many homosexuals a new kind of pride.
"The word that's being used is a gay Camelot," said Erin Lorber, executive director of the Municipal Elections Committee of Los Angeles, an influencial gay political group.
Council candidate Valerie Terrigno said, "For gay people there's a personal extra" in the ballot question.
"I see it as sort of a step from level one to level two in the sense that now instead of just being accepted as citizens, they can now be accepted as leaders and be openly gay," said Bill Larkin, 39, a gay businessman running for city council. "I think it's very exciting for gays but also for straights."
West Hollywood is a mix of commercial buildings, small bungalows and new condominiums, blending chic and traditional styles.
On one side of the district is Hollywood, on another the Fairfax district, whose elderly and Jewish population spills into West Hollywood. Adjacent to its southern border are the sprawling grounds of Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, the so-called "Hospital to the Stars."
West Hollywood has become the center of the West Coast interior design industry, anchored by the monolithic Pacific Design Center. It is also home to some of the area's most fashionable restaurants and hotels, the Sunset Strip and a Warner Bros. movie lot, numerous record companies, entertainers and agents.
The pro-cityhood forces say they want a local government closer to home, one that is more responsive than the downtown county Board of Supervisors to critical issues such as traffic, land use and parking problems.
Joining homosexuals in the push for cityhood are the overwhelming majority of tenants and elderly people, who make up 22.5 percent of the residents. Only 6 percent of West Hollywood's residents are children, according to the 1980 census.
The traditional compatibility of the community has resulted in a campaign in which anti-gay fears have not been prominent.
"Really there hasn't been as much as I thought there would be," said Lorber, noting that other concerns, principally rent control, had dominated the election.
Ms. Terrigno, who is gay, said that voters she met had never mentioned a gay-controlled city until recent weeks when several newspaper articles appeared to emphasize that aspect of the election.
"I started getting a couple of homeonwers saying, 'I don't want this to be called a fag town,"' she said. "Not because they're prejudiced. They just don't want to be misidentified. … They have family in Iowa."
Opposition to cityhood comes from landlords who fear the possibility of harsh rent control in the future and who claim that a new, inexperienced City Council might not provide adequate police and fire protection.
The group successfully lobbied the conservative-dominated county Board of Supervisors to extend the moderate rent-control law that would have been phased out. Cityhood advocates claim the action was an attempt to weaken interest in making West Hollywood an independent city.
Larry Gross, head of the tenants' activist group Coalition for Economic Survival, said it was "another attempt on their part to undermine the democratic process. If they think they can buy off voters by this trick, they're wrong."
"We're not necessarily opposed to incorporation," said Sol Genuth, spokesman for the Apartment Association of Greater Los Angeles. "What we are opposed to is using it as a front to impose a radical severe rent control."
Banks Montgomery, whose family is one of West Hollywood's largest landholders, heads the cityhood opposition known as Keep West Hollywood United that has sent out vast voter mailings against cityhood.
"I can tell you most of the people I talk to are afraid of this new city," Montgomery said. "They're scared because they don't know whether they'll have a responsible government."


End of Document
Page  of Gay leaders confer on epidemic



Gay leaders confer on epidemic
United Press International
August 14, 1982, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1982 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 381 words
Byline: By WILLIAM H. INMAN
Dateline: DALLAS
Body


Gay rights leaders were briefed Saturday on an epidemic that has killed more than 130 people, mostly homosexuals, by making them vulnerable to rare and deadly forms of cancer or pneumonia.
''What we have now is an epidemic and one that has only recently come to our attention,'' Dr. James Curran, a national Center for Disease Control specialist on Acquired Immune Deficiency, told the National Gay Leadership Conference.
The briefing, hosted by the National Gay Health Coalition, was attended by nearly 100 homosexual leaders and was followed by a series of medical workshops led by researchers.
The two-day conference, reviewing achievements and objectives of the gay rights movement, concludes Sunday.
''The vast bulk of our cases involve homosexual males,'' Curran said, ''although definite links have been made to users of injected drugs.''
AID, a catch-all term for a mysterious medical condition virtually unheard of five years ago, has caused the deaths of at least 136 people, CDC data show, giving it a higher mortality rate than Legionaire's Disease or Toxic Shock Syndrome combined. Only about 370 cases have been firmly diagnosed by the CDC nationwide. The bulk of the cases turned up in the past 24 months.
Curran said mortality is high because AID victims are more vulnerable to a rare cancer called Kaposi's Sarcoma and an exotic form of pneumonia, Pneumocystis Carinii.
''One hypothesis is that infectious agents are being sexually transmitted among homosexually active males,'' he reported.
But, he said, the disorder affects primarily homosexuals in the United States and not elsewhere. That baffles researchers.
''We see a multiple factors,'' said Dr. James Wheeler, a Southwestern Medical School tumor specialist. ''The widespread use of nitrates by American homosexuals (for sexual stimulation) has been raised. So has the issue of a genetic predisposition among homosexuals.
''But the truth is we really don't know,'' he said. ''Why, for instance, didn't this surface among gays in the days Michelangelo or Oscar Wilde?''
Scientists fear the number of AID-related deaths will grow quickly in coming months. The reluctance of many of the thousands of homosexuals who have symptoms to report them to medical authorities may contribute to the spread of the disease, doctors warned.


End of Document
Page  of Gays March in Cities Across the Country



Gays March in Cities Across the Country
The Associated Press
June 25, 1984, Monday, PM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 664 words
Byline: By MARY MacVEAN, Associated Press Writer
Body


The 15th anniversary of the riots that ignited the gay rights movement drew thousands of men and women to the steets, from leather-clad lesbians who led San Francisco's parade to marchers who laid a wreath at the "closed doors" of a cathedral in New York.
In parades and rallies across the country Sunday, lesbians and homosexual men celebrated "gay pride" and protested what they said was continued discrimination against them.
New York City's parade drew 20,000 marchers, who demonstrated at the seat of the city's Roman Catholic Church before heading to the site of the now-defunct Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village, where a police raid on June 18, 1969, sparked three days of riots _ the "Stonewall Rebellion" the parades commemorate.
In San Francisco, a squadron of 200 "Dykes on Bikes" wore leather pants, tattoos and roses on their motorcycle handlebars to lead 75,000 to 90,000 people in the 13th annual Gay-Lesbian Freedom Day parade.
Parades also brought out thousands in Chicago, Denver, Minneapolis, Seattle, St. Louis, Columbus, Ohio, Des Moines, Iowa and Hartford, Conn.
Waves of marchers in New York's 15th Gay Pride parade chanted "Shame!" as they paused at St. Patrick's Cathedral to protest Archbishop John J. O'Connor's refusal to sign a pledge that the church will not discriminate on the basis of sexual preference.
"This cathedral is our church, and we, as gay men and lesbians, are people of God," said Michael Olivieri, president of the New York chapter of Dignity.
Two people were allowed through police barriers to place a wreath at the cathedral.
Instead of being welcomed by the church, Olivieri said, "we are met by closed doors, police barricades and a wall of police officers. We are denied our legal and spiritual rights."
Mayor Edward I. Koch said O'Connor's refusal to sign the pledge would cost the church about $76 million in city contracts. The issue is pending in court.
The parade, for the first time, had a permit to allow marchers to pass St. Patrick's, where reviewing stands are constructed for most city parades.
O'Connor said his message for the marchers was: "I love them. I bear them no malice whatever and I hope that they recognize that my responsibility as a bishop is to teach the teachings of the Catholic Church."
While most marchers in New York wore casual clothes, those in San Francisco sported flamboyant attire, including gold lame hula skirts and purple evening gowns for the men and punk hairdos and leather for the women.
"You use the stereotypes and turn it around and use it as a demonstration of pride," said Konstantin Berlandt, president of the Freedom Day board of directors, who wore a two-piece blue sequined dress and plastic high heels.
The parade, with the theme "Unity and More in '84," included a man in a nun's habit, lesbian doctors, the Gay American Indian Association and a cable car carrying members of the National Association for Gay and Lesbian Gerontology.
The Freedom Day parade, which drew its peak crowd of 150,000 four years ago, was bolstered this year by Gov. George Deukmejian's veto in March of a gay rights bill, an increase in the number of cases of acquired immune deficiency syndrome and the proposal to close San Francisco's gay bathhouses, Berlandt said.
In Denver, 2,000 people turned out for a rally and parade. Among them was Shirley Wallace of Fort Collins.
Mrs. Wallace, who two years ago took part in a hunger strike to push for ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment in Illinois, came to the rally with her husband and gay children.
Parents of homosexuals, she said, should remember that if their children "were fine, decent people before, they certainly still are."
In some cities, including New York, groups of anti-homosexual protesters also turned out. In Columbus, police said verbal clashes broke out as 4,000 marchers were met by representatives of several fundamentalist groups.
In Chicago, former Mayor Jane Byrne joined more than 30,000 marchers, while 1,000 people gathered in Minneapolis.

Graphic

 
Laserphoto FX1


End of Document
Page  of Gays, Renters Join in Hopes of Forming New City



Gays, Renters Join in Hopes of Forming New City
The Associated Press
November 4, 1984, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 883 words
Byline: By RITA BEAMISH, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif.
Body


A chance to form the nation's first city controlled by homosexuals has infused this two-square-mile community with a sense of history and hopes for a "gay Camelot" as Tuesday's election nears.
The actual question before voters in the Los Angeles County territory sandwiched between Beverly Hills and Los Angeles is whether to incorporate the area as a city.
The chief impetus for cityhood was the issue of rent control. The existing rent-control ordinance was due to be phased out beginning in January, which concerned the 88 percent of residents who rent their shelter.
That issue has been somewhat diffused by a last-minute extension of the ordinance, and now attention centers on the likelihood that a new city council in the new city would be dominated by gay men and lesbians.
About half of the 40 candidates for a five-member City Council _ which takes power if the cityhood passes _ are openly gay.
Proponents say incorporation is a foregone conclusion.
"The question is not whether we're going to be a city. Everyone has taken that for granted. The question is what kind of city are we going to be," said council candidate Ron Stone, 36, who spearheaded the cityhood drive.
There are no precise estimates, but most people put the gay population at about a third of the community's 36,000 residents, and many businesses in West Hollywood are gay-owned or gay-oriented, including two banks and several gay clubs.
While gay activists emphasize they would run a city responsive to the needs of all its citizens, the cityhood proposal offers many homosexuals a new kind of pride.
"The word that's being used is a gay Camelot," said Erin Lorber, executive director of the Municipal Elections Committee of Los Angeles, an influencial gay political group.
Council candidate Valerie Terrigno said, "For gay people there's a personal extra" in the ballot question.
"I see it as sort of a step from level one to level two in the sense that now instead of just being accepted as citizens, they can now be accepted as leaders and be openly gay," said Bill Larkin, 39, a gay businessman running for city council. "I think it's very exciting for gays but also for straights."
West Hollywood is a mix of commercial buildings, small bungalows and new condominiums, blending chic and traditional styles.
On one side of the district is Hollywood, on another the Fairfax district, whose elderly and Jewish population spills into West Hollywood. Adjacent to its southern border are the sprawling grounds of Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, the so-called "Hospital to the Stars."
West Hollywood has become the center of the West Coast interior design industry, anchored by the monolithic Pacific Design Center. It is also home to some of the area's most fashionable restaurants and hotels, the Sunset Strip and a Warner Bros. movie lot, numerous record companies, entertainers and agents.
The pro-cityhood forces say they want a local government closer to home, one that is more responsive than the downtown county Board of Supervisors to critical issues such as traffic, land use and parking problems.
Joining homosexuals in the push for cityhood are the overwhelming majority of tenants and elderly people, who make up 22.5 percent of the residents. Only 6 percent of West Hollywood's residents are children, according to the 1980 census.
The traditional compatibility of the community has resulted in a campaign in which anti-gay fears have not been prominent.
"Really there hasn't been as much as I thought there would be," said Lorber, noting that other concerns, principally rent control, had dominated the election.
Ms. Terrigno, who is gay, said that voters she met had never mentioned a gay-controlled city until recent weeks when several newspaper articles appeared to emphasize that aspect of the election.
"I started getting a couple of homeonwers saying, 'I don't want this to be called a fag town,"' she said. "Not because they're prejudiced. They just don't want to be misidentified. … They have family in Iowa."
Opposition to cityhood comes from landlords who fear the possibility of harsh rent control in the future and who claim that a new, inexperienced City Council might not provide adequate police and fire protection.
The group successfully lobbied the conservative-dominated county Board of Supervisors to extend the moderate rent-control law that would have been phased out. Cityhood advocates claim the action was an attempt to weaken interest in making West Hollywood an independent city.
Larry Gross, head of the tenants' activist group Coalition for Economic Survival, said it was "another attempt on their part to undermine the democratic process. If they think they can buy off voters by this trick, they're wrong."
"We're not necessarily opposed to incorporation," said Sol Genuth, spokesman for the Apartment Association of Greater Los Angeles. "What we are opposed to is using it as a front to impose a radical severe rent control."
Banks Montgomery, whose family is one of West Hollywood's largest landholders, heads the cityhood opposition known as Keep West Hollywood United that has sent out vast voter mailings against cityhood.
"I can tell you most of the people I talk to are afraid of this new city," Montgomery said. "They're scared because they don't know whether they'll have a responsible government."


End of Document
Page  of Judge Rules British Gay Can Stay



Judge Rules British Gay Can Stay
The Associated Press
November 7, 1980, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 212 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Self-admitted British homosexual Carl Hill can remain in the United States despite an Immigration and Naturalization Service policy that tends to exclude gays, a judge ruled Friday.
Immigration Judge Bernard Hornbach, calling the policy "dehumanizing," decided the 33-year-old antique restorer can remain in this country on vacation.
The question before Hornbach was whether homosexuality is legal grounds for excluding gay aliens from this country. The judge called such a policy "unenforceable."
Hill arrived at San Francisco International Airport Wednesday and and volunteered the information that he was gay. Hill said he did it "on principle." A San Francisco friend of Hill's said the Londoner planned to vacation for about two months.
Hill was arrested last year when he arrived in San Francisco by immigration officers who forced him to submit to a psychiatric examination. U.S. District Judge Stanley Weigel issued a restraining order against the exam, and subsequently the government ruled that such examinations were no longer necessary.
New instructions were issued by the Justice Department this year which reaffirmed the policy of excluding homosexual aliens -- if they make unsolicited admission that they're gay or are identified in that manner by a third party.


End of Document
Page  of Gays say bigotry hampers death case solution



Gays say bigotry hampers death case solution
United Press International
July 10, 1983, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 597 words
Byline: By FRANK SPOTNITZ
Dateline: INDIANAPOLIS
Body


Efforts to solve the slayings of eight young men in the Indianapolis area since 1980 have been made even tougher by police officers' longstanding bigotry against homosexuals, gay leaders charge.
It's not that investigators don't want to find the killer or killers, the leaders say, but antagonism police have shown toward gays over the years may be preventing those who know something about the slayings from stepping forward.
Police investigators flatly deny the allegations, saying they do not harass gays and that the whole issue of police treatment has been ''overdramatized.''
But Stanley Berg, publisher of The Works newsmagazine and a spa and club owner, said gays are reluctant to come forward with information on the killings.
''They're very leery of police, of getting put down, of having them named a 'queer,''' Berg said.
''I am quite certain the way this murderer has gotten around and with the number of people he has had contact with -- just in terms of the deaths -- that there are other people out there who were attacked and have gotten away.''
FBI agents believe the eight slayings may be the work of one or two killers. All the victims had some connection with the gay community and their bodies had been dumped in surrounding counties.
Three were stabbed to death and two were strangled. Coroners were unable to determine cause of death for the other three.
The latest victim, Michael A. Riley, 22, was strangled last month after he left an Indianapolis nightclub, police said. His body was found in less than a foot of water in a Hancock County drainage ditch southeast of Greenfield.
A 17-member police task force was formed to sort out the jumble of information gathered by county and city law enforcement agencies and to spearhead a coordinated investigation.
The task force has contacted officials in other cities, including Corpus Christi, Texas, and Cincinnati, where gay-related slayings have occurred.
Detective Sgt. Jerry Schemenaur, an investigator in the Riley slaying, said he believes any fear among gays of police harassment is unfounded.
''I can't speak for the other agencies, only our agency, but on this particular case, I'm investigating a homicide. And be it a gay or a straight person, it makes no difference to me what the individual's sexual preference is,'' Schemenaur said.
Tom Green, editor of The Works, said police officers typically react defensively to criticism because ''they're constantly being criticized by one group or another.''
''What we're trying to say (to police officers) is, 'Open up the doors and let us help and provide you with information that you just don't know because you're not gay and you haven't dealt with any aspect of the gay community except the criminal element,'' Green said.
If a representative of the gay community were directly involved in the investigation, ''people who maybe possess information would say, 'Maybe we can deal with police,' not only on this investigation, but on other things as well,'' he said.
Lt. Jerry Campbell of the Indianapolis Police Department, who was chosen to head the task force, said, ''It's a possibility that people are in the community that may have information (but have not come forward).''
But he disagreed with the assertion that some gays with information have not given it to police because they fear harassment.
''I'm not so sure that that is the impression among the gay community,'' Campbell said. ''I don't think it is. I think that issue has been overdramatized.
''You have to crawl before you can walk. And right now that's where we're at. We're in the crawling stages.''


End of Document
Page  of Homosexuals Rally In Favor Of Baltimore Gay Rights Measure



Homosexuals Rally In Favor Of Baltimore Gay Rights Measure
The Associated Press
September 23, 1984, Sunday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 435 words
Byline: By LARRY ROSENTHAL, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: BALTIMORE
Body


Several hundred homosexuals, some wearing paper bags or eye masks over their faces, gathered Sunday next to the Washington Monument to call for passage of a gay rights bill that is stalled in the City Council.
"I'm here today to speak on behalf of tolerance," said State's Attorney Kurt Schmoke, throwing his support behind the gay rights legislation.
Referring to City Council squabbling over the bill, he said, "The time for name-calling is long gone."
The gay-rights legislation would prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in employment, public accomodations, education and health and welfare services.
After the rally, the demonstrators marched downtown to the Inner Harbor, the area containing the city's major tourist attractions, and held a candelight vigil.
Demonstration organizers placed the turnout at more than 600. David Carroll, president of the Gay Community Center of Baltimore, said the city's gay population is conservatively estimated to be about 35,000.
"We've never had a political demonstration of this magnitude before," said Gary Coberly, a spokesman for the rally and march organizers. "This is the first big support of anything political."
Eye masks were made available for any of the demonstrators who wanted them, and several dozen of the participants wore paper bags over their heads.
The Baltimore Gay Paper, which promoted the march with a front-page article entitled "The Time Has Come," said the masks were intended to symbolize the "status of secrecy and second-class citizenship which the majority of lesbians and gays in Baltimore are forced to maintain to protect themselves, their jobs and their families."
The gay-rights legislation before the City Council has not come up for a vote. Its sponsor has said he does not want to bring it to the floor unless he is assured of its passage.
"We were given to understand if we were very quiet about this it would pass," said Coberly. "That hasn't happened, so we figured it's time not to be quiet anymore."
The gay rights march, planned since July, appeared threatened Thursday when organizers learned that the city was placing sharp restrictions on the demonstration, including a ban on the use of signs or banners at the Inner Harbor. But on Friday, the city removed most of the limitations.
When Schmoke arrived at the rally, he was confronted by two businessmen opposed to the legislation who wanted to talk to him about his position.
"We feel it's our duty to be here," said Bill Wingard, a vice president of sales for a metal-stamping company. "If there's no one here from the other side, they'll only get one side."


End of Document
Page  of Two Small Scores For Gay Rights



Two Small Scores For Gay Rights
Newsweek
September 22, 1980, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1980 Newsweek
Section: NATIONAL AFFAIRS; Pg. 31
Length: 267 words
Body


"It's been a very, very hard battle," he said -- but last week, more than five years after he began his struggle for homosexual rights in the military, former Air Force T. Sgt. Leonard Matlovich, 37, had something to smile about.  A Federal court in Washington, D.C., ruled that Matlovich, a much-decorated Vietnam veteran who was booted out of the service after openly proclaiming his homosexuality in 1975, should be reinstated and given full back pay.
Government lawyers argued that his discharge was based on an Air Force rule barring homosexuals except under certain circumstances.  But district court Judge Gerhard Gesell held that the Air Force had never defined precisely what its guidelines were.  Matlovich, now a gay-rights activist in San Francisco, could collect more than $ 50,000 in back pay.
Gay activists also won a partial victory over the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service last week.  The Justice Department announced that INS inspectors will no longer question visitors from abroad or immigrants who they suspect are homosexuals, and that only those visitors who voluntarily declare their homosexuality will be deported.  The new policy was an attempt to untangle a legal muddle created last year when the U.S. Public Health Service announced it would no longer certify suspected homosexuals for the INS.  That left INS to screen out homosexuals randomly on its own.  Gay activists expressed their qualified approval of the new policy, but one gay-rights leader said the confusion would continue until Congress eliminates any reference to homosexuality in the immigration laws.


End of Document
Page  of Judge Orders Roxanne Gay Released from Hospital



Judge Orders Roxanne Gay Released from Hospital
The Associated Press
July 31, 1980, Thursday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 280 words
Dateline: CAMDEN, N.J.
Body


Roxanne Gay, found innocent by reason of insanity in the fatal stabbing of her football player husband 3 1/2 years ago, was ordered released from a psychiatric hospital Thursday by a state judge.
Superior Court Judge I.V. DiMartino ruled that Mrs. Gay, 28, "has achieved that degree of mental stability where she is no longer a danger to herself, her family or society."
Officials at Marlboro State Psychiatric Hospital said Mrs. Gay wouldn't be released until the judge's signed order was received.
"She has had a complete remission of her psychotic episodes and several psychiatrists testified that continuation of her hospitalization would be detrimental," the judge said in a telephone interview.
Testimony at her trial before the same judge revealed the 5-foot-1 inch woman plunged a knife into the throat of her husband, Philadelphia Eagle defensive end Blenda Gay, while he was sleeping in their Blackwood home.
The case drew the attention of several women's groups after Mrs. Gay charged she was a battered wife and killed her 6-foot-5, 255-pound husband in self-defense.
But her contentions of wife abuse never were supported in testimony at a four-day sanity hearing.
"I've ruled she should be discharged from the hospital, but she must go to her mother's house in Long Island (N.Y.), and must receive outpatient psychiatric help and medication," DiMartino said.
The judge said her progress has been significant and noted she was taking college courses at Brookdale Community College in Lincroft. "She's a straight-A student," he said.
DiMartino said he will re-evaluate her progress in three months after receiving reports on her treatment from Nassau County, N.Y., authorities.


End of Document
Page  of Gays say bigotry hampers death case solution



Gays say bigotry hampers death case solution
United Press International
July 9, 1983, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1983 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 595 words
Byline: By FRANK SPOTNITZ
Dateline: INDIANAPOLIS
Body


Efforts to solve the slayings of eight young men in the Indianapolis area since 1980 have been made even tougher by police officers' longstanding bigotry against homosexuals, gay leaders charge.
It's not that investigators don't want to find the killer or killers, the leaders say, but antagonism that police have shown toward gays over the years may be preventing those who know something about the slayings from stepping forward.
Police investigators deny the allegations, saying they do not harass gays and that the whole issue of police treatment has been ''overdramatized.''
But Stanley Berg, publisher of The Works newsmagazine and a spa and club owner, said gays are reluctant to come forward with information on the killings.
''They're very leery of police, of getting put down, of having them named a 'queer,''' Berg said.
''I am quite certain the way this murderer has gotten around and with the number of people he has had contact with -- just in terms of the deaths -- that there are other people out there who were attacked and have gotten away.''
FBI agents believe the eight slayings may be the work of one or two killers. All the victims had some connection with the gay community, and their bodies had been dumped in surrounding counties.
Three were stabbed to death and two were strangled. Coroners were unable to determine cause of death for the other three.
The latest victim, Michael A. Riley, 22, was strangled last month after he left an Indianapolis nightclub, police said. His body was found in less than a foot of water in a Hancock County drainage ditch southeast of A 17-member police task force was formed to sort out the jumble of information gathered by county and city law enforcement agencies and to spearhead a coordinated investigation.
The task force has contacted officials in other cities, including Corpus Christi, Texas, and Cincinnati, where gay-related slayings have occurred.
Detective Sgt. Jerry Schemenaur, an investigator in the Riley slaying, said he believes any fear among gays of police harassment is unfounded.
''I can't speak for the other agencies, only our agency, but on this particular case, I'm investigating a homicide. And be it a gay or a straight person, it makes no difference to me what the individual's sexual preference is,'' Schemenaur said.
Tom Green, editor of The Works, said police officers typically react defensively to criticism because ''they're constantly being criticized by one group or another.''
''What we're trying to say (to police officers) is, 'Open up the doors and let us help and provide you with information that you just don't know because you're not gay and you haven't dealt with any aspect of the gay community except the criminal element,'' Green said.
If a representative of the gay community were directly involved in the investigation, ''people who maybe possess information would say, 'Maybe we can deal with police,' not only on this investigation, but on other things as well,'' he said.
Lt. Jerry Campbell of the Indianapolis Police Department, who was chosen to head the task force, said, ''It's a possibility that people are in the community that may have information (but have not come forward).''
But he disagreed with the assertion that some gays with information have not given it to police because they fear harassment.
''I'm not so sure that that is the impression among the gay community,'' Campbell said. ''I don't think it is. I think that issue has been overdramatized.
''You have to crawl before you can walk. And right now that's where we're at. We're in the crawling stages.''


End of Document
Page  of Gays, Renters Join in Hopes of Forming New City



Gays, Renters Join in Hopes of Forming New City
The Associated Press
November 5, 1984, Monday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 883 words
Byline: By RITA BEAMISH, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif.
Body


A chance to form the nation's first city controlled by homosexuals has infused this two-square-mile community with a sense of history and hopes for a "gay Camelot" as Tuesday's election nears.
The actual question before voters in the Los Angeles County territory sandwiched between Beverly Hills and Los Angeles is whether to incorporate the area as a city.
The chief impetus for cityhood was the issue of rent control. The existing rent-control ordinance was due to be phased out beginning in January, which concerned the 88 percent of residents who rent their shelter.
That issue has been somewhat diffused by a last-minute extension of the ordinance, and now attention centers on the likelihood that a new city council in the new city would be dominated by gay men and lesbians.
About half of the 40 candidates for a five-member City Council _ which takes power if the cityhood passes _ are openly gay.
Proponents say incorporation is a foregone conclusion.
"The question is not whether we're going to be a city. Everyone has taken that for granted. The question is what kind of city are we going to be," said council candidate Ron Stone, 36, who spearheaded the cityhood drive.
There are no precise estimates, but most people put the gay population at about a third of the community's 36,000 residents, and many businesses in West Hollywood are gay-owned or gay-oriented, including two banks and several gay clubs.
While gay activists emphasize they would run a city responsive to the needs of all its citizens, the cityhood proposal offers many homosexuals a new kind of pride.
"The word that's being used is a gay Camelot," said Erin Lorber, executive director of the Municipal Elections Committee of Los Angeles, an influencial gay political group.
Council candidate Valerie Terrigno said, "For gay people there's a personal extra" in the ballot question.
"I see it as sort of a step from level one to level two in the sense that now instead of just being accepted as citizens, they can now be accepted as leaders and be openly gay," said Bill Larkin, 39, a gay businessman running for city council. "I think it's very exciting for gays but also for straights."
West Hollywood is a mix of commercial buildings, small bungalows and new condominiums, blending chic and traditional styles.
On one side of the district is Hollywood, on another the Fairfax district, whose elderly and Jewish population spills into West Hollywood. Adjacent to its southern border are the sprawling grounds of Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, the so-called "Hospital to the Stars."
West Hollywood has become the center of the West Coast interior design industry, anchored by the monolithic Pacific Design Center. It is also home to some of the area's most fashionable restaurants and hotels, the Sunset Strip and a Warner Bros. movie lot, numerous record companies, entertainers and agents.
The pro-cityhood forces say they want a local government closer to home, one that is more responsive than the downtown county Board of Supervisors to critical issues such as traffic, land use and parking problems.
Joining homosexuals in the push for cityhood are the overwhelming majority of tenants and elderly people, who make up 22.5 percent of the residents. Only 6 percent of West Hollywood's residents are children, according to the 1980 census.
The traditional compatibility of the community has resulted in a campaign in which anti-gay fears have not been prominent.
"Really there hasn't been as much as I thought there would be," said Lorber, noting that other concerns, principally rent control, had dominated the election.
Ms. Terrigno, who is gay, said that voters she met had never mentioned a gay-controlled city until recent weeks when several newspaper articles appeared to emphasize that aspect of the election.
"I started getting a couple of homeonwers saying, 'I don't want this to be called a fag town,"' she said. "Not because they're prejudiced. They just don't want to be misidentified. … They have family in Iowa."
Opposition to cityhood comes from landlords who fear the possibility of harsh rent control in the future and who claim that a new, inexperienced City Council might not provide adequate police and fire protection.
The group successfully lobbied the conservative-dominated county Board of Supervisors to extend the moderate rent-control law that would have been phased out. Cityhood advocates claim the action was an attempt to weaken interest in making West Hollywood an independent city.
Larry Gross, head of the tenants' activist group Coalition for Economic Survival, said it was "another attempt on their part to undermine the democratic process. If they think they can buy off voters by this trick, they're wrong."
"We're not necessarily opposed to incorporation," said Sol Genuth, spokesman for the Apartment Association of Greater Los Angeles. "What we are opposed to is using it as a front to impose a radical severe rent control."
Banks Montgomery, whose family is one of West Hollywood's largest landholders, heads the cityhood opposition known as Keep West Hollywood United that has sent out vast voter mailings against cityhood.
"I can tell you most of the people I talk to are afraid of this new city," Montgomery said. "They're scared because they don't know whether they'll have a responsible government."

Graphic

 
With Laserphoto


End of Document
Page  of CONCERT: 'FIRST GAY CHORAL FESTIVAL'



CONCERT: 'FIRST GAY CHORAL FESTIVAL'
The New York Times
September 13, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition


Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company
Section: Section C; Page 12, Column 4; Cultural Desk; REVIEW
Length: 630 words
Byline: By EDWARD ROTHSTEIN
Body


A few months ago, a concert given by the New York City Gay Men's Chorus seemed to this reviewer to share many of the qualities of an ethnic music concert; it was a celebration of community achievements, tastes and crises. But that was a purely local event. The concert on Sunday night in Avery Fisher Hall - which brought together homosexual choruses from Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles, Seattle, Washington, Madison, Wis., Anaheim, Calif., New Orleans and New York - was an event that was at once political, ethnic, sexual and cultural.
Edward Rothstein reviews concert billed as 'first national gay choral festival,' Alice Tully Hall (M)
The concert was the final event in a series titled ''Come Out and Sing Together,'' billed as the ''first national gay choral festival.'' More than 750 singers participated in concerts on Friday and Saturday nights in Alice Tully Hall, with last night as the grand finale.
The very idea of a homosexual chorus is partly political, with singers being brought together not because of a shared style or repertory - like a Greek or Jewish or Russian chorus - but partly as a demonstrative statement of open identification. But apart from the shared sexual practices of the singers, there were often shared cultural sensibilities demonstrated in these performances - an affection for musical figures who are themselves homosexuals, an interest in poetry settings that speak directly to homosexual experience, ironic or jesting references to the often marginal and provocative status of the homosexual in society, and - though the subject is difficult to articulate and rarely discussed in social criticism - even shared attitudes and tastes.
Five years ago the first openly homosexual choruses were founded. There are now 39 such groups in North America, which have joined to create the Gay and Lesbian Association of Choruses (GALA Choruses). Twelve of them joined forces in this festival, whose political significance was acknowledged by letters of welcome from both Mayor Koch and Governor Cuomo. The opening performance in which Timothy Vernon conducted New York's Stonewall Chorale in ''Live or Die: A Ceremony of Healing'' by Calvin Hampton, was itself partly a political statement; Mr. Hampton's eclectic settings of homosexual poetry were meant to stir as well as share feelings.
The New York City Gay Men's Chorus, directed by Gary Miller, presented several selections from its earlier concert, along with a medley of Cole Porter songs. Libby Larsen's ''Everyone Sang,'' commissioned by the festival, was premiered by Gregg Smith conducting the Combined Lesbian and Gay Festival Chorus, though the work itself was generally scattered and unfocused.
Mr. Smith also led the premiere of Ned Rorem's ''Whitman Cantata'' commissioned by the festival. This 20-minute setting of the poetry of one of the greatest American poets (who was a homosexual) by one of the most lyrical of contemporary American composers (who declared himself a homosexual many years before it was usual), turned out to be disappointing. Mr. Rorem's strengths have always been in his condensation of attitude and feeling into the most intimate of musical gestures; this work, perhaps because of its occasion, was so insistently proclamatory and celebratory - accompanied by horns, trumpets, trombones, a tuba and timpani - that only when it swerved into melancholy, just before its climax, was the lyricism affecting.
But the sight and sound of the performance was almost as important to the audience as the content. Mr. Smith led nine of the men's choruses in combination along with participants from 11 other choruses from cities that were not represented by full choruses. Even before the music began, the sight of 750 singers on stage caused the audience to stand and cheer.


End of Document
Page  of AIDS Fuels Controversy Over National Gay Rodeo



AIDS Fuels Controversy Over National Gay Rodeo
The Associated Press
August 5, 1983, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1983 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 501 words
Byline: By MITCHELL LANDSBERG, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: RENO, Nev.
Body


Cowboys and cowgirls are thronging to a rodeo with a twist this weekend _ the National Reno Gay Rodeo, which is taking place over the objections of an outraged group of fundamentalist Christians.
Part traditional rodeo, part social event, both the size and controversy of the Gay Rodeo have been growing annually since it began in 1976.
But this year, the concern over acquired immune deficiency syndrome has given urgency to the outcry of opponents and given rodeo organizers a new cause.
A group calling itself the Pro Family Christian Coalition has tried to shut the rodeo, claiming the gathering menaces the public by threatening to spread AIDS, an incurable, killer disease that mainly affects homosexual men.
The group called on the Washoe County Commission to cancel a contract for use of the Nevada State Fairgrounds and demanded that Nevada Gov. Richard Bryan stop the event. The commission refused to act and Bryan refused to meet with the opponents.
Coalition Chairman Daniel Hansen vowed Friday to continue his effort to meet with Bryan and present him a petition calling for "positive, bold and effective action . . . to stop said homosexual celebration."
But Phil Ragsdale, founder and organizer of the Gay Rodeo, dismissed the coalition as "a real extremist group," and said they were "using" AIDS to mask their religious objections to homosexuality.
"I feel they lost their credibility when they started using scare tactics, saying it (AIDS) could be contacted by close association, or by mosquitoes."
Ragsdale admitted that AIDS had put a slight damper on the gathering and had made some people "leery about coming to the rodeo or any other gay event."
"But most people have just said it's something that we have to live with, and that's what they're doing," he said.
Ragsdale, 41, who describes himself as a self-employed salesman, predicted attendance of 40,000 to 42,000 over the four days of the event. A portion of the proceeds is being targeted for financing of research on AIDS. Ragsdale said he could not estimate how much money would be raised.
The agenda for the Gay Rodeo doesn't differ greatly from that of a "straight" rodeo. Events include bronc and bull riding, team roping, bull dogging and a "Saturday Night Hoedown Dance." Country-western entertainment is being provided by four bands and singer Rose Maddox, who also took part in last year's rodeo.
One difference between this year and last is security. Rodeo officials say 10 guards have been added to the force in anticipation of anti-gay trouble. In the past, incidents mostly have been confined to youths yelling taunts as they drove past the fairgrounds.
Hansen said the Pro Family Christian Coalition won't "confront the Gay Rodeo directly. We don't feel comfortable around those people, and we're concerned about diseases _ we don't know how those diseases are spread."
Ragsdale said he thought community acceptance of the rodeo had grown, in part because the lagging economy has made the money spent by rodeo-goers more welcome.


End of Document
Page  of American Style: Gay Buckeroos Saddle Up For Rodeo



American Style: Gay Buckeroos Saddle Up For Rodeo
The Associated Press
May 21, 1981, Thursday, AM cycle


Copyright 1981 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 536 words
Byline: By LISA LEVITT, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


Against a wild West backdrop of urban cowboys, weekend cowboys and Marlboro cowboys, Patrick Kelly stands out as a buckeroo with a difference.
He can rope a calf, sport a Stetson and bust a bronc with the best of them. But when the rodeo is over, he wants to feel free to enjoy a congratulatory hug and kiss in public from his male companion.
Kelly is gay, as are the 70 or so contestants who plan to participate in the first San Francisco Gay Rodeo, a mid-August extravaganza being billed as the largest gay indoor entertainment event ever produced.
"It's just a matter of comfort: We're comfortable among our own," said the rodeo's coordinator, Pam White, a genuine Texas cowgirl who hasn't lost her Lone Star drawl. "We're real serious about what we do, and we're real enthusiastic."
That enthusiasm sprang in part from the success of the annual Gay Rodeo in Reno, Nev., which began in 1976 in a small barn before 150 spectators and grew into an annual charity event that attracts a crowd of 8,000.
Nevada Lt. Gov. Myron Leavitt has publicly suggested that the "queers" who compete in the campy Reno rodeo, which features both contestants and spectators in drag, should "go somewhere like California."
But that had nothing to do with inspiring the creation of its Bay Area counterpart, which basically was born of boredom, Ms. White said.
The ever-growing group of gay cowboys and cowgirls simply became tired of sitting around waiting for the only annual rodeo they felt safe competing in, she said, noting that riding the "straight" circuit can be risky.
"Just for fear of our safety alone, we were not able to come out (on the straight circuit)," Ms. White said. "In rodeo, we not only run the risk of serious injury just by participating, but we're also exposed to deliberate injury. I don't think there's anything worse than a redneck cowboy."
Kelly, president of the Pacific Coast Gay Rodeo Association, said the rodeo will help inspire respect for the gay cowpokes among the straight rodeo groups and possibly help explode some gay stereotypes.
"It's like anything you do -- you go out and show those people who have the idea that all gays are fems or heavy-duty women that hey, we may be all of this, but we are capable," Kelly said.
The three-hour rodeo will feature everything from bull-riding to calf-roping and all 15 events, including those involving "heavy stock," will be open to both men and women, he said. Spectators can come in drag, but unlike the Reno rodeo, participants must wear traditional Western gear, Ms. White said.
The rodeo, which one promoter estimated will cost $500,000 to stage, will be the highlight of 10 hours of cookouts, exhibits, country and western music, a hoedown and the finals of the gay cowboy and cowgirl competitions.
When it's all over, these cowboys aren't going to ride off into the San Francisco sunset. They're hopeful they can help launch a gay circuit of as many as 10 rodeos, Kelly said.
"Someday, we'd like to get to the point where we wouldn't have to do this," he added. " None of us like to be separated from the rest of the population, but that's the reality we're facing. Someday we hope people understand that we're human beings and no different from anybody else."


End of Document
Page  of Marvin Gay Sr. Makes Reduced Bail In Son's Murder Case



Marvin Gay Sr. Makes Reduced Bail In Son's Murder Case
The Associated Press
June 20, 1984, Wednesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 212 words
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Marvin Gay Sr. was released from Los Angeles County Jail Wednesday after posting reduced bail on a charge he killed his son, singer Marvin Gaye, an attorney said.
Municipal Court Judge Michael Tynan granted a defense motion to reduce bail from $100,000 to $30,000 for the 70-year-old former minister, said his attorney, Arnold Gold.
Bail was arranged by Gay's wife, Alberta, who sued him for divorce on Monday after 49 years of marriage.
"He was very emotional at his release today, quite understandably," Gold said. Gay indicated "he wanted to sleep three full days and take a good hot bath."
Tynan ordered Gay to return to court July 16 for a preliminary hearing, Gold said.
Gay is charged with first-degree murder in the death of his son, who was shot twice during a dispute over insurance at the family's Los Angeles home on April 1.
The 44-year-old singer, who was noted for such songs as "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" and the 1982 Grammy-winning "Sexual Healing," added the "e" to his last name early in his entertainment career.
Shortly after the shooting, Gay underwent surgery at County-USC Medical Center to remove a walnut-sized pituitary tumor. Doctors who recently examined Gay reported he had recovered from the surgery and was mentally competent to stand trial.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Sentenced To Five Years Probation in Son's Slaying



Gay Sentenced To Five Years Probation in Son's Slaying
The Associated Press
November 2, 1984, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1984 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 602 words
Byline: By JAY ARNOLD, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Singer Marvin Gaye's father was sentenced to five years probation Friday for killing his son in a shooting that the judge said was the victim's "own fault."
Superior Court Judge Gordon Ringer said imposing jail time would have been a "death sentence" for ailing, 71-year-old Marvin Gay Sr. Gay, who had pleaded no contest to voluntary manslaughter, could have received a 13-year prison sentence.
The judge said Gaye provoked the shooting which led to his death during a family argument on the eve of his 45th birthday.
"This is one of those tragic cases in which a young life was snuffed out. But … the young man who died, although tragically, provoked this incident. It was his own fault," Ringer said.
Gay thanked Ringer profusely following the sentencing, saying he was "sorry" for what defense attorneys had claimed was a case of self-defense.
"I love my son, I love my son and I wish he could come through that door," said Gay in a lengthy, rambling speech to the judge.
Gay, who underwent surgery to remove a walnut-sized tumor at the base of his brain following his arrest, continued to address the court in a barely audible voice. His daughter and granddaughter watched from the audience.
Gay's wife, who had filed for divorce about the time of the April 1 shooting, was not in court Friday.
Ringer agreed with a probation report that recommended no jail time because of Gay's health. "Sending him to prison or requiring any additional time would impose a death sentence," he said.
Gay had served 80 days in custody before being released on $30,000 bond. He pleaded no contest on Sept. 19 to voluntary manslaughter following a plea bargain that reduced the charge from first-degree murder.
Marvin Gaye was known for such hits as "Sexual Healing" and "I Heard It Through the Grapvine."
Ringer said there would be no fine or community service required and suspended the original murder charge. He said he based his decision on the county probation report that also had been agreed to by the prosecutor, Deputy District Attorney Dona Bracke.
Defense attorney Arnold B. Gold argued in court for the probation, saying his client's physical health had deteriorated since the slaying and that it was a case of self-defense.
"No one can suffer any more than Mr. Gay is suffering for that loss," Gold said.
Outside court Friday, Ms. Bracke said she was "satisfied," with the sentence although she did not think Gay had been justified in shooting his son.
"No, I don't think it was self-defense, but I think the feelings he had at the time are enough to knock it down (to a voluntary) manslaughter," she said. "Sending him to county jail for another three months _ what purpose would that serve?" Ms. Bracke asked.
The younger Gaye, who added a "e" to his name at the beginning of his singing career, was shot twice in the chest at the family home in South-Central Los Angeles.
Gaye had been visiting at his parents' home when that argument broke out.
His father insisted the singer threw him across a room while the elder Gay was looking for an insurance policy, but Gaye's mother said her husband came after their son and shot him at close range.
Ms. Bracke said the probation report had recommended a suspended three year prison sentence, plus two years for use of the gun, also to be suspended. The judge, however, issued a six-year suspended sentence, which could be imposed if Gay violates terms of his probation, Ms. Bracke said.
The judge also ordered Gay to seek psychiatric counseling.
The no contest plea is the criminal-law equivalent of a guilty plea, but cannot be used against the defendant in any subsequent civil action.

Graphic

 
Laserphoto LA10


End of Document
Page  of Helping Gay Groups May be Considered Less 'Risky'



Helping Gay Groups May be Considered Less 'Risky'
The Associated Press
October 13, 1982, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1982 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Washington Dateline
Length: 448 words
Byline: By W. DALE NELSON, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: WASHINGTON
Body


Two potential presidential candidates have taken a step that a few years ago would have been regarded as an invitation to political disaster. They have spoken at gay rights' fund-raising dinners.
 "We did not regard it as a political risk," says a spokesman for former Vice President Walter F. Mondale.
"The senator made the decision to go, and I think that speaks for itself," says an aide to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass.
Tonight, Sen. Alan Cranston, D-Calif., also a presidential contender, will follow suit.
Cranston will speak at a dinner in Philadelphia sponsored by the Human Rights Campaign Fund, a homosexual rights political action committee contributing to candidates in this fall's congressional elections.
Mondale spoke to the New York affiliate of the group on Sept. 29. Kennedy addressed the Municipal Election Committee of Los Angeles at a gay rights fund-raiser April 23.
Steve Endean, treasurer of the Human Rights Campaign Fund, said Tuesday he believes this is the first time presidential aspirants have spoken at fund-raising affairs on behalf of civil rights for homosexuals.
"There definitely is a move in that direction," Endean said. "I don't think they felt the need to address it before."
Ralph Whitehead, press spokesman for Mondale, said the former vice president received only about half a dozen critical telephone calls after his New York appearance.
Without using the words gay or homosexual, Mondale concentrated on citing official Democratic party positions based on "sex or sexual orientation."
Cranston is expected to discuss pending Senate legislation prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual preference in regard to jobs, housing, public accomodations and federal programs.
The California senator, like Kennedy, is among six co-sponsors of the Senate bill. Similar legislation in the House has 54 co-sponsors.
Melody Miller, Kennedy's assistant press secretary, said that in addition to the Los Angeles speech he delivered a tape-recorded message to a gay rights gathering in San Francisco last year.
Endean said, "Despite a persistent myth that the support of civil rights for gays is political suicide, the evidence is quite to the contrary."
In 1980, he said, 51 of 55 House members who signed the gay civil rights bill were re-elected. Two did not seek re-election and the bill was not the principal issue in the races of the two who lost.
Endean said the fund expects to contribute about $100,000 to candidates this fall. He said eight to 10 of the sponsors of the gay rights bill have significant opposition, but it arises from other issues.
Homosexual rights groups estimate that there are as many as 20 million gay men and women in the United States.


End of Document
Page  of Diseases That Plague Gays



Diseases That Plague Gays
Newsweek
December 21, 1981, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1981 Newsweek
Section: MEDICINE; Pg. 51
Length: 1282 words
Byline: MATT CLARK with MARIANA GOSNELL and bureau reports
Body


The promiscuous homosexual male has long been vulnerable to hepatitis and venereal diseases like syphilis and gonorrhea. But an unusual assortment of disorders--some of them deadly--has recently broken out in the homosexual community. Among them: intestinal infections usually seen in the tropics, a particularly virulent form of pneumonia and a lethal cancer most often found in equatorial Africa. "The health problems of homosexuals used to be no different from those of heterosexuals," says New York internist Dr. Ronald J. Grossman. "But in the last five or six years there's been a major change."
The epidemic does not affect homosexual women; it seems closely linked to the life-style of gay men with many sexual contacts. It coincides with the burgeoning of bathhouses, gay bars and bookstores in major cities where homosexual men meet, "The large numbers of anonymous contacts in gay bathhouses increases the risk of sexually transmitted diseases exponentially," says Dr. Daniel C. William, a New York physician with a large homosexual practice. According to the Centers for Disease Control, nearly 50 percent of males with active syphilis are homosexual. Hepatitis B is so prevalent among homosexual men that blood serum from gay volunteers was used in the development of the new vaccine against the disease.
Dramatic Spread: Male homosexuals are particularly prone to intestinal disorders if they combine oral and anal sex practices. In San Francisco the number of cases of amebiasis has risen 7,000 percent since 1974, and shigellosis and giardiasis have also spread with dramatic swiftness. "No modern city should have this many cases," says Dr. Selma Dritz of the city's Bureau of Disease Control and Adult Health. "The problem is person-to-person transmission."
These so-called tropical diseases can be treated with drugs, but controlling their spread remains difficult. The usual public-health technique of case finding often fails because homosexuals are sometimes reluctant to name their sexual partners--and in some cases they may not know their names at all. The victim may not recognize his illness and meanwhile may infect several other men. Finally, many physicians aren't alert to the possibility of tropical diseases for several reasons: they rarely have seen a case; they may not know of their increased prevalence among homosexuals, and they may not know that a particular patient is gay.
Out of Control: Far more menacing diseases are beginning to worry public-health experts. In last week's New England Journal of Medicine, Dr. Frederick P. Siegal of New York's Mount Sinai Medical Center described four young homosexuals who had been hospitalized with herpes virus infections that got out of control. All suffered from severe ulcers around the anal area, as well as fever, weight loss and a gradual decline in health over the previous year. Such herpes infections usually occur only in leukemia cases or among people who are taking drugs that impair the body's immune system. Each of the gay patients showed abnormal T-lymphocytes, white blood cells which fight off infection, and despite intensive treatment, three of the four died.
The same issue of the journal describes another disease among gays involving defective immune responses. Dr. Michael S. Gottlieb of the University of California at Los Angeles reported on four homosexual patients with various infections who ultimately developed pneumocystis pneumonia (PCP), a deadly lung infection that occurs mostly among patients taking drugs that suppress the immune system. "It is not a disease of normal young adults," says Gottlieb. Like Siegal's patients, Gottlieb's had reduced T-cell function.
Kaposi's sarcoma, which has also cropped up among gays, is equally intriguing--and dangerous. It is a rare, slow-growing type of cancer that generally occurs among elderly men of Italian or Jewish descent in the form of purplish lumps on the legs. A deadlier form, which spreads to many body organs and can kill within months, strikes children and young adults in parts of Africa, but was almost never seen in the United States until 1979, when it turned up in the gay population.
The fulminant herpes infections, PCP and Kaposi's sarcoma have triggered the most extensive investigation by the Centers for Disease Control since toxic-shock syndrome. So far, CDC investigators have counted 77 cases of Kaposi's, 75 of PCP and another eighteen involving both conditions. Thirteen other cases of strange infections that usually occur among people with defective immunity have also been reported. To Siegal the findings suggest nothing less than "a nationwide epidemic of immunodeficiency among male homosexuals." Although the total numbers are small, the death rates are alarmingly high: about 60 percent of the PCP victims and 20 percent of those with Kaposi's died.
Endemic: So far, investigators can only theorize about the cause of the outbreaks. A likely suspect is cytomegalovirus (CMV), a rather common virus that may produce no symptoms but can cause fever, swollen glands and weight loss and damage the immune system. CMV has been reported in Africans in whose countries Kaposi's is endemic, and most of the gay patients with PCP and the cancer also harbored it. The virus can be carried in semen as well as urine.
Drugs are also suspect. Many of the patients used butyl or amyl nitrite, inhalants that are supposed to heighten the pleasure of orgasm. In the body, nitrites may produce nitrosamines, which have been shown to cause cancer in animals. CDC is now conducting animal tests to determine if nitrites also suppress the immune system.
A few experts suspect that promiscuous gay patients lose their immune defenses because of the multiplicity of infections they catch. "A large number of exposures adds insult to injury, so the immune system is overtaxed and ceases to perform," says Dr. Alvin E. Friedman-Kien of New York University Medical Center. Others disagree. "Our immune systems are being challenged all the time by all sorts of substances and we don't experience this kind of failure," says Gottlieb.
Genetic factors may be involved. Dr. Pablo Rubinstein of The New York Blood Center finds that nearly two-thirds of the Kaposi's patients he has studied had the same white blood cell type, called DR5, while only 12 to 15 percent of the general population shares it. Interestingly, DR5 is also prevalent among the racial groups that tend to get this form of cancer. Conceivably, the combination of viral infection, drugs and genetic predisposition leads to Kaposi's. But CDC is looking into at least a dozen,other possible risk factors. "It could be the bugs out of the pipes in the bathhouses," says Dr. Yehudi M. Felman of New York City's Bureau of Venereal Disease Control.
What worries epidemiologists is the probability that these diseases will spread even faster in the future. "This is just the tip of the iceberg," says Friedman-Kien. "In our hospital alone, we're seeing one or two new cases of Kaposi's a week. " Heterosexuals might also be affected, through contact with bisexuals. "It's probably only a matter of time," says Grossman.
No really effective treatment for Kaposi's or PCP has been developed. Some researchers are testing interferon and other drugs that stimulate the immune system. The best way of stopping the outbreaks is prevention. Physicians and gay activists are encouraging homosexuals to practice better hygiene, reduce their sexual contacts and get the names of those they do have sex with. The important task of tracking contacts would also be greatly eased if the stigma of homosexuality were further reduced. "We have to deal from a position of trust," says Felman.

Graphic

 
Picture 1, Gay bar in New York: 'The problem is person-to-person transmission', P.F. Bentley--Photoreporters; Picture 2, San Francisco clinic: An outbreak of bizarre disorders, James D. Wilson--NEWSWEEK


End of Document
Page  of Gay Rites: A Tour Coast to Coast; States of Desires: Travels in Gay America . By Edmund White. 336 pages. Dutton. $12.95.



Gay Rites: A Tour Coast to Coast;
States of Desires: Travels in Gay America. By Edmund White. 336 pages. Dutton. $12.95.
Newsweek
February 11, 1980, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1980 Newsweek
Section: BOOKS; Pg. 92
Length: 738 words
Byline: WALTER CLEMONS
Body


San Francisco is the S&M capital of the country, Edmund White tells us as he ticks off the baths and leather bars in its warehouse district: "At the Black and Blue the customers are so butch they swill Perrier water right out of the bottle (the bartenders jam the lime down into it)." During the cross-country travels logged in "States of Desire," he talked with a gay timber baron in Portland, Ore.)"Never have I been in a warmer, more agreeable town"),with Mormons in Salt Lake City trying to cope with their religion's stern proscription of homosexuality, with closeted gays in the South and Midwest(Kansas City is the Fifties in deep freeze").  He interviewed patrons of a cowboy bar in Houston, radical activists in Boston and a lobbyist in Washington.
Revelatory Detail: White may be better known as co-author of "The Joy of GAy Sex" than for his novels, "Forgetting Elena" and "Nocturnes for the King of Naples." But his novelistic gifts -- curiosity about character(his own as well as others'), an alert ear and eye for revelatory detail -- make this book absorbing.  He can give you a deft sketch of a Hollywood bontique that sells "boxer swimsuits in semi-transparent, bruise-colored sleaze." A zoom shot of Florida rather different from the postcards: "Ft Lauderdale is a short, angry strip along the ocean, crawling with teens drugged or drunk or both.  The two most common ages are sixteen and sixty -- the latter buys the former." Or an extended, Fitzgeraldean invocation of a Fire Island weekend.  He shrewdly notes regional variances in gay status, aspiration, fantasy and self-hatred in more than twenty cities.
His book is consistently entertaining and often funny.  It can also be troubling: White's militant stance is calculated to ruffle many gays as well as most straights.  When a San Fanciscan, rejoicing in the acceptance of gays by the city's straight community, "singled out drag queens and offensive militants as those who bring gay life a 'bad name', "White writes, "my heart sank.  Gay life, of course, is is a bad name in the eyes of most heterosexuals, who do not stop to make distinctions among one sort of gay and another." He sets himself firmly against liberal apologists who "attempt to convince us and the heterosexual majority that 'most' gay are just like nornal people.  We, too, have our homes, our cats and poodles(instead of children),our debts, our impossible jobs and hypocritical marriages.  The only real culprits(or so the argument goes)are those trouble-making radicals and those vile drag queens."
Test Cases: He notes that the scorn directed against transvertites is particularly virulent.  They have become the outcasts of gay life, "queer" in the eyes of other homosexuals: "Our old fears about our sissiness [are] still with us though maked by the new mascho fasciam...just as many of us are willing to draw the line short of our owm activity and decide what for others is 'too much sex,' in the same way we are ready to brand others as 'too gay.' Fear of transvestism is fear of homosexuality, and until we accept drag queens we have not accepted ourselves." He observes that the feminist movement was astute in deciding to endorse readical lesbianism -- recognizing that the hosltile labeling of liberated women as "dykes" was a test case of chauvinist antogonism.  "In the same way, gay men would be well advised to recognize that antipathy toward drag queers is in reality an aversion to us all...Gay unanimity is the only strong policy advisable."
This is strong medicine.  White offers a still more unpalatable dose when he describes a sympathetic interview he conducted with a 36-year-old Boston man who met his 12-year-old lover when the boy was 9.  Pedophilia is the touchiest of homosexual issues, and few will be able to read this chapter without queasiness.  White's daring to explore the subject fully is an instance of his candor throughout this book.  And it provides, however disconcertingly, a focus for his highly pertinent discussion of a split in gay politics between "respectable" moderates, who, as White says, "want gays to swim into the mainstream," and radicals, many of them centered in Boston, who favor a militant policy of confrontation.  The suave grace of White's agreeable prose does not muffle his own radical commitment.  He says he hopes his book "will enable gays and strights to imagine other lives." Often startlingly, it accomplishes that.

Graphic

 
Picture, Gay-rights parade in New York, Martin A. Levick -- Sipa-Black Star


End of Document
Page  of Gay Rights Ordinance On Ballot In San Jose



Gay Rights Ordinance On Ballot In San Jose
The Associated Press
May 30, 1980, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 509 words
Byline: By PETE JACOBS, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN JOSE, Calif.
Body


In the nation's first referendum on gay rights in nearly two years, residents of San Jose and Santa Clara County will decide next Tuesday whether to approve laws banning discrimination against homosexuals.
Polls and persons on both sides of the issue say the referendums on the June 3 primary ballot will be decided narrowly.
But gay rights leaders are hoping to sustain momentum gained in 1978 when California voters rejected Proposition 6, a statewide referendum that called for the firing of homosexual public school teachers.
Anti-discrimination ordinances were approved by both the San Jose City Council and the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors last summer. But enforcement of the laws was suspended after petition drives forced them onto the primary ballot.
The two measures differ slightly in wording, but both would prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation and provide protection in jobs and housing.
The ordinances are patterned after a gay rights law in San Francisco, where an estimated one in seven of the the city's 680,000 residents is homosexual. An estimated 10 percent of Santa Clara County's 1 million residents are homosexual. About 600,000 people live in San Jose.
Opposition to the anti-discrimination ordinances has come mainly from fundamentalist church leaders, who contend the Bible teaches that homosexuality is wrong.
Moral Majority of Santa Clara County Inc., the group that led the petition drive that forced the ordinances onto the ballot, has spent more than $100,000. It says it received a $30,000 contribution from Anita Bryant's Protect America's Children Inc., which was instrumental in repealing a gay rights ordinance in Dade County in 1977.
However, the issue has failed to generate as much political interest as it did in Florida.
"It just hasn't surfaced as an issue at all in my campaign, and very little in the others that I know of," said Supervisor Dominic Cortese, the lone dissenter against a Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors ordinance banning descrimination against gays. Cortese is seeking the Democratic nomination to the state Assembly.
Anti-ordinance campaigner Tom Peterson believes the measure is really a "hidden agenda" whereby gays hope for future gains, such as teaching homosexual lifestyles in the classroom. While Peterson believes anti-ordinance forces will win, he thinks it will be a close vote.
While gay activists say they have received contributions from across the country, they contend most of the $60,000 they have spent is local money.
The religious emphasis is not lost on the gays.
"Christianity is on the line here. These people (the opposition) think they are the only real Christians," says gay minister, the Rev. Sky Anderson, of the Metropolitan Community Church.
"We feel we're going to win," says gay rights campaigner David Treadwell. "It will probably be a close vote."
Since the defeat of the Dade County ordinance, gay rights measures have also been defeated in Wichita, Kan., St. Paul, Minn., and Eugene, Ore. But voters in Seattle approved a discrimination ban.


End of Document
Page  of Gay Delegate Calls Reagan ''Fair''



Gay Delegate Calls Reagan ''Fair''
The Associated Press
July 15, 1980, Tuesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1980 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Length: 271 words
Dateline: DETROIT
Body


Timothy E. Drake of Chicago, claiming to be the first openly homosexual delegate to a Republican National Convention, said Tuesday GOP presidential candidate Ronald Reagan "has the potential to generate good will in the gay community."
But Drake told a news conference Reagan will be asked to give assurances that his administration will not be wedded to the Republican platform which he said pointedly omits a pledge of non-discrimination against homosexuals.
"I don't like that platform," Drake told reporters. "It is not consistent with Governor Reagan's position paper. He is not for gay rights, but he is opposed to all forms of discrimination, and that includes homosexuals."
Reagan, Drake said, has indicated "a willingness to give us a fair break," but without further assurances he added that he might vote for independent presidential candidate John Anderson in November.
Drake said homosexuals have made significant political progress in the past four years, electing more than 75 delegates to the Democratic National Convention this year compared with three openly homosexual delegates in 1976 and the first ever to the GOP convention this year.
He added that there is "more than one" other homosexual among GOP delegates in Detroit, but he would not estimate how many. Charles H. Thompson, an alternate delegate from New York City, was scheduled to appear at the news conference, but was not present.
Drake said he was not giving up on the Republican Party, saying the gay rights movement has to be involved in both political parties. "The Republican party is not going to go away" he said. "We have to work from within."


End of Document
