


Bringing the gay rights movement to the Republican National Convention, Chicago delegate Timothy E. Drake says Ronald Reagan "has the potential to generate good will in the gay community."
Drake, who said he is the first openly homosexual delegate to any GOP convention, told reporters at a news conference that he dislikes the party platform but believes Reagan won't be bound by its lack of a pledge of non-discrimination against homosexuals.
"It is not consistent with Governor Reagan's position paper," he said. "He is not for gay rights, but he is opposed to all forms of discrimination, and that includes homosexuals."
Nevertheless, Drake said he wants additional assurances of fair treatment for gays in a Reagan administration before he can make a firm commitment to the candidate. Without such assurances, he said he might vote for independent candidate John Anderson.
Discussing political progress of the gay rights movement, Wright noted that more than 75 delegates to the Democratic National Convention in August are openly homosexual, compared to three in 1976.
Claiming that he is the first openly gay Republican delegate, Wright said he feels sure other GOP delegates are gay but won't acknowledge it.


End of Document
Page  of 
Gay group appeals for 100,000 pounds / Gay Switchboard







Gay group appeals for 100,000 pounds / Gay Switchboard
The Guardian (London)
August 6, 1984


Copyright 1984 Guardian Newspapers Limited
Length: 241 words
Byline: By NICHOLAS DE JONGH
Body


 Gay Switchboard, the 24-hour advice and information service, has launched an appeal for pounds 100,000 to help it expand to match the six-fold increase in calls since it started 10 years ago.
 At a press conference at Gay Switchboard's north London headquarters, which are scheduled for redevelopment, a spokesman said that calls had increased from an average of 800 a week in 1974 to about 5,000 a week in 1984.
The premises, with only four telephone lines almost constantly engaged, housed 35 volunteers in 1974 and now has to hold 100.
 About pounds 22,000 of the pounds 100,000 required for the organisation to find new premises, install new telephone lines and maintain them has already been raised. The appeal does not include the pounds 15,000 a year it costs the Switchboard to operate.
 The campaign to raise money will include a series of entertainments and submissions for finance to the boroughs of Islington and Camden.
 Gay clubs and commercial organisations will also be asked for financial aid.
 The arrival in Britain of Aids, Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, which causes a collapse of the body's natural defence system, has caused a remarkable increase in the number of calls received on medical matters, said the Switchboard spokesman.
 About 72 per cent of those who have contracted Aids are gay and Gay Switchboard found in 1983 that a majority of the calls of a medical nature related to pleas for help or information about Aids.

