


The fatal disease AIDS may have sparked a backlash of violence and abuse against homosexuals in the past year, according to a psychologist who studies ''homophobia.''
''When a controversial group becomes more visible it is common for people to attack it,'' said Gregory M. Herek, an assistant professor of psychology at the City University of New York Graduate Center.
Herek said the spread of the deadly disease may be inciting people who are already prejudiced against homosexuals to rape, kill and beat the people they dislike or fear.
No federal agency keeps tabs on violent acts specifically aimed at homosexuals and only a handful of cities have recently begun keeping separate records on violence against gays, Herek said in a recent interview.
But some political and social gay groups that keep an unofficial tally are reporting an apparent rise in violence and abuse against homosexual men and women, he said.
Herek, who testified in October at a Congressional hearing on criminal justice, said the unofficial tallies indicate more and more attacks in the past year have included slurs and remarks about AIDS.
Herek has interviewed dozens of people who have attacked homosexuals and he said he believes AIDS has given homophobics an excuse for violent acts.
The disease first appeared in America among homosexual men and quickly spread to the heterosexual population.
''They think, 'these people are passing AIDS so it's okay to hurt them','' he said.
But, people who are not homophobic to begin with are probably not moved to violence by the AIDS epidemic, he said.
''I would suggest AIDS is not increasing prejudice against homosexuality,'' he said. ''It is being used as an excuse by people who hate gays to hurt them, when perhaps they would not have hurt them physically before.''
Most attacks against homosexuals are committed by young men in their late teens and early 20's, Herek said. They often commit assaults in gangs, beating up lone gay men whom they don't know personally, sometimes fatally.
''Young males are sensitive to peer pressure,'' Herek said. ''By going outside of the group and attacking someone, they establish their manhood within the group.
''To attack someone who is perceived as unmasculine makes it even more so.''
Herek said often the attacks are very sexual in nature and involve castration, mutilation and even male rape.
He said his studies of homophobic crimes suggest gay men are attacked with the same anger and vigor that characterized lynchings of blacks in the past.
''They're not just killed,'' he said. ''They're mutilated, hung, shot and stabbed even though they are a stranger to their attackers. They bring out incredible feelings of rage.
Herek said attacks against lesbians are harder to characterize.
''They may be attacked because they're gay women, or because they are women,'' he said. ''It's very hard to differentiate.''
Herek said both black and white youths attack homosexuals. Often, the attackers are ''model kids,'' athletes and good students.
''They use a common defense -- that the victim came on to them,'' Herek said. ''And they don't have a lot of remorse if they're caught.
''They have an irrational need to blame gays for something, now its for AIDS,'' he said. ''They want to hurt them even though they know it wont help anything.''


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS







AIDS
Newsweek
August 12, 1985, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1985 Newsweek
Section: SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 20
Length: 3008 words
Byline: MATT CLARK with MARIANA GOSNELL and DEBORAH WITHERSPOON in New York, MARY HAGER in Washington, VINCENT COPPOLA in Atlanta and bureau reports
Highlight: Once dismissed as the 'gay plague', the disease has become No. 1 public-health menace.
Body


Central Africa was almost certainly its cradle, and monkeys its probable hosts. No one knows precisely how or why the virus moved to man, and no one is sure just where and when it embarked on its intercontinental killing spree. But it lurked in the United States for several years before anyone was aware of its presence -- silent, deadly, perversely prolific. It infected the cells that normally defend against infection, relentlessly destroying the ability to fight off illness; it spread from host to host through the very fiuids that serve to sustain and propagate life. Invisibly, implacably, it mounted its invasion, geometrically increasing its terrible toll. Finally, in 1981, the killer was identified: acquired immune deficiency syndrome, or AIDS. Its other name, says America's top health official, is "fear."
At first AIDS was a medical curiosity, a gruesome illness that mainly struck homosexual men and intravenous-drug users. Some even saw it as a divine punishment for perceived sins. "The poor homosexuals," wrote Patrick J. Buchanan, now a White House staffer, in 1983. "They have declared war on nature, and now nature is exacting an awful retribution." But now the "gay plague" has assumed the proportions of a worldwide public-health disaster. It could, according to some experts, become one of those infectious diseases that change history. "Anyone who has the least ability to look into the future can already see the potential for this disease being much worse than anything mankind has seen before," says Dr. Ward Cates ofthe U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC).
The ominous portents are there for all to read. In the four years since AIDS was given its name, it has at least doubled the number of its victims every year. There have been 12,067 cases recorded in the United States alone, and by this time next year there could be 24,000. More than 6,000 Americans have died as a result of AIDS, giving the disease a frightening mortality rate of 5O percent. No one has ever been known to recover. "Once infected, a person is infected for the rest of his life," says William A. Haseltine of Boston's Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. "Once infected, a person is infectious. It's not safe to assume otherwise."
Because of the long period when AIDS lies latent, thousands of people may be infected and infectious without even knowing it. This means that the standard public-health measure of quarantine is impossible as a means of bringing AIDS under control. And the disease is clearly not restricted to homosexual or bisexual men: in Africa, it strikes men and women in equal proportion. "As time goes by, it will be more evident that this is a sexually transmitted disease that is not limited to one sexual practice," says Dr. Robert Redfield of the U.S. Army's Walter Reed Hospital, where 4 out of 10 AIDS patients are men and women who appear to have contracted the disease through heterosexual activity.
For many people the dramatic revelation that film star Rock Hudson had contracted AIDS has put the problem in new perspective. "What has happened for America is that someone they know is being affected," says Dr. James Curran, head of the AIDS Task Force at the CDC. Indeed, a new NEWSWEEK Poll shows that concern about the disease is definitely on the rise (page 23). Two out of every five respondents report against catching AIDS -- including refusing elective surgery that would require blood transfusions. But only 13 percent of those surveyed say they are avoiding homosexuals, and nearly half say the disease has resulted in unfair discrimination against gays. A substantial majority of those surveyed now believe that there is at least a moderate chance that AIDS will eventually become epidemic among the public at large.
Already, that sense is having its effect on sexual behavior, both straight and gay (page 28). And some experts think it may change forever the freewheeling attitudes of the '60s and '70s. "We have to understand that we all have to change our way of living," says Dr. Walter R. Dowdle of the CDC. "The message goes out for everybody that the healthy sexual style is the single partner."
Two years ago Secretary of Health and Human Services Margaret Heckler declared AIDS her department's "No. 1 priority." Recently the Reagan administration asked for an additional $43 million for 1985 and 1986 to bring the budget request for AIDS research to $126.3 million. But from the outset the government has been accused of not taking AIDS seriously enough. "The fact that it hit primarily gay men, as opposed to other groups such as the chamber of commerce, means that they didn't react with the sense of urgency that otherwise would have been the case," says Rep. Henry Waxman, whose constituency includes heavily gay West Hollywood. "If anything comes out of this Rock Hudson business," says Haseltine, "it may be the impetus to focus on this problem."
One reason that the effort to combat AIDS has lacked concerted thrust is that the AIDS epidemic crept up on the world surreptitiously. Back in 1980-81, Dr. Michael S. Gottlieb of the University of California at Los Angeles identified several men with pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP), a rare type of pneumonia usually seen only in people whose immune systems have become depressed, such as kidney-transplant recipients who must take drugs to prevent rejection. At about the same time Dr. Alvin Friedman-Kien of New York University Medical Center saw a young gay man with Kaposi's sarcoma, an uncommon, slow-growing cancer usually seen among elderly men of Mediterranean extraction. In this case the disease took a deadly form that is prevalent in equatorial Africa. Friedman-Kien learned that other doctors in New York and San Francisco had come across Kaposi's victims among homosexuals as early as 1979. Both he and Gottlieb informed CDC of their unusual findings, and publichealth officials knew they had a new kind of disease on their hands.
At first those considered at high risk were homosexuals, hemophiliacs (who must be injected with a clot-promoting substance derived from donor blood), needle-using drug takers and Haitians. * Although there is a significant number of AIDS cases in Haiti, Haitians in the United States have been dropped as a risk category.
  By early 1983 another worrisome addition to the problem was introduced when a number of people came down with AIDS after getting blood transfusions, prompting authorities to recommend that homosexual and bisexual men not donate blood. 
Researchers had long suspected that a virus played a major role in AIDS. And in the spring of 1984 Dr. Luc Montagnier at the Pasteur Institute in Paris reported isolating and identifying viruses that most experts regard as the probable cause of AIDS. The viruses, labeled lymphadenopathy-associated virus (LAV) by the French and human T-cell lymphotropic virus-III (HTLV-III) by the Americans, are thought to be identical.
Further research showed that the virus specifically attacks the T-4 lymphocytes, a subgroup of white blood cells that play a major role in defending the body against infections like PCP and some cancers. More specifically, according to Gallo, the virus enters the T-cell and incorporates itself into the genetic material, or DNA, in the nucleus. When the T-cells are activated -- as they would be in the presence of an infection -- the virus reproduces itself, killing the T-cell, which then releases new viruses that invade and kill other T-cells. Haseltine and his colleagues have discovered that a gene in the virus creates a protein which takes over the infected T-cell and makes it produce new viruses at an extremely rapid pace. The speeding up, he theorizes, "prematurely ages the cell, and sends it to a premature death."
Epidemiologists are fairly sure that the AIDS virus came from Central Africa. A likely possibility is that it was harbored by monkeys originally and spread to humans in rural areas. Recent population shifts, the practice among health workers in Africa of using a single needle to inject a number of patients with penicillin and other drugs, and blatant sexual promiscuity would contribute to the human-to-human spread of the disease. The leading theory holds that AIDS spread from Africa to the Caribbean, and was then picked up by American homosexuals, who have found Haiti an attractive vacation spot. "African health, with the crumbling of colonial health structures, the massive relocation of people and the ecological disturbance, is seriously deteriorating, and the world will suffer the consequences," says Haseltine.
Indeed, AIDS has turned up by now in practically every European country -- more than 300 cases in France at last count, 162 in West Germany, 184 in Great Britain, to cite the leaders. It is still spreading in the Caribbean, and there are more than 500 cases in Haiti alone. The Immunology Researching Centre in Freeport, Bahamas, which has administered a highly controversial cancer serum to more than 1,000 patients -- including former Georgia Gov. Lester Maddox -- was shut down last month because a U.S. pathologist found evidence that some of the serum came from people exposed to AIDS. In Asia, the disease has yet to make a major appearance, although public-health officials in China announced with some alarm last week that an Argentine tourist who had contracted AIDS while living in the United States had died last June in Peking.
The most important immediate result of the U.S.-French isolation of the AIDS virus was the development of a blood test that shows whether a person has been exposed to the disease. The test, technically known as an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, is based on the chemical structure of the protein of the virus and makes it possible to detect the presence of antibodies to the virus in a person's blood. As with measles, polio or any other virus disease, the presence of antibodies indicates prior exposure or that an infection is in progress.
The test has been applied to stored blood samples taken, for various reasons, from high-risk individuals even before the AIDS epidemic was recognized -- and the results underscore the rapid way the disease has spread. For example, 1 percent of the blood samples taken in 1978 at a San Francisco venereal-disease clinic show positive for the virus, while 65 percent of the samples taken last year indicate exposure to AIDS. A positive test does not necessarily mean that a person will develop AIDS. However, according to the CDC's figures, 5 to 10 percent of gay men positive for a period of three years will develop advanced disease. Since an estimated 1 million Americans have been exposed, up to 100,000 could well have AIDS within the next five years. Nowadays 27 percent of all AIDS cases in the United States involves heterosexuals (many of whom are intravenous-drug users), which means that 270,000 Americans may be heterosexual carriers. Because of the long latent period, notes CDC's Curran, "most of the people who are infected don't know it yet." And they may unknowingly be spreading the disease to their sexual contacts.
AIDS produces a rather broad range of symptoms, with severe infections, Kaposi's sarcoma and death as the final result. An estimated 50,000 to 100,000 Americans, in fact, show early signs, or what experts call "AIDS-related complex" (ARC). These include swollen lymph glands, fatigue, malaise, fever, night sweats, diarrhea and gradual loss of weight. Because the virus sometimes also invades brain cells, a considerable number of victims suffer from mental and neurological problems like forgetfulness, impaired speech, tremors and seizures, progressing to dementia.
The virus is transmitted by blood and other body fluids. A transfusion with infected blood is the surest way to contract it. On the other hand, only 1 percent of health workers who come into contact with secretions from victims of the disease have shown evidence of exposure. The disease can clearly be transmitted by semen -- especially, some scientists say, through anal intercourse, which promotes bleeding and affords the virus easy entry into the bloodstream. The virus has been found in the saliva of some patients, but only at very low levels; some experts, therefore, doubt that kissing is a major route of transmission.
There is also some question about how easily AIDS can be spread heterosexually. The apparently equal ratio of AIDS between the sexes in Zaire suggests that it might be spread easily by either sex. But in a group of 118 heterosexual cases of AIDS in the United States last month, only 14 were men who seemed to have contracted the disease from a woman. And Dr. Jay A. Levy of the University of California, San Francisco, believes male-to-female transmission is not as common as some believe. "Most of the reported cases clearly involved anal sex or intravenous drugs," he says.
So far only 10 percent of people exposed to the virus have developed symptoms. Of the remaining 90 percent, Levy notes: "At this point we don't know what will happen in 15 years, but we do know that many of these people have close to normal immune function." This suggests there might be other factors beside the virus that determine whether someone gets AIDS. Some people may be protected by genetic endowment, good nutrition or general good health.
Exposure to additional infections may make a person more vulnerable to the AIDS virus. It has been known all along that many AIDS victims have been infected with hepatitis B; cytomegalovirus, a common virus, and Epstein-Barr virus, the organism that causes mononucleosis. "If the immune system is already activated, it might make it easier for the [AIDS virus] to seed," says Dr. Anthony Fauci of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Dr. Peter W. A. Mansell of the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Hospital and Tumor Institute in Houston has observed many gay couples in which one partner has AIDS and the other is well. The sick one "tends to be the anal-receptive partner, he takes more drugs than the other, he has a longer history of infections," he says. "These are the kinds of things many of us believe are cofactors."
The search for drugs to treat AIDS is accelerating rapidly. In the last year more than 100 potential compounds have been screened in the lab and several are being tried on patients. Rock Hudson went to France to receive HPA-23, a drug being tested at the Pasteur Institute. It is supposed to prevent the AIDS virus from replicating, but it is quite toxic and so far has not proved particularly effective. In the United States, researchers are testing a drug called suramin that has a similar antiviral action, as well as alpha-interferon. This compound is a virus-fighting substance produced in the body and is supposed to prevent the AIDS virus from entering healthy cells.
Many of the patients treated with drugs so far have rather advanced disease, which may account for the equivocal results obtained. Experts suspect that effective treatment will have to be multiple -- "one thing to get rid of the virus," says Mansell, "one thing to restore immune function." At NIH, Fauciis planning to treat three AIDS-stricken patients with suramin, to combat the virus, followed by a bone-marrow transplant to restore functioning lymphocytes. All three are lucky enough to have healthy identical twins as donors, thus reducing the problem of transplant rejection.
A vaccine would be the best way to overcome the AIDS epidemic, but it won't be available soon. Vaccines against viruses are generally made from the protein antigens on the surface of the organism; it's the antigens that trigger the production of protective antibodies. But the AIDS virus, unlike many common viruses, is prone to mutation. Its antigens keep changing, Haseltine says. That means today's vaccine would be ineffective tomorrow. The hope is that because certain "regions" of the viral protein do not change their molecular structure, they could be the basis of a vaccine.
Researchers have learned more about AIDS, and in a shorter period of time, than was the case with hepatitis and many other infectious diseases. Armed with the new tools of genetic engineering and molecular biology, they have isolated the virus that causes the disease and taken the first steps toward a vaccine. They have developed a highly accurate test to detect those who may harbor the virus -- ensuring, in the view of most experts, that AIDS will no longer be spread through the nation's blood supply. And as the NEWSWEEK Poll shows, public support for research to stop the epidemic is strong, even among those who say they are not worried about contracting the disease themselves. "We know a lot," says Dr. Dean F. Echenberg, chief of communicable-disease control for San Francisco's Department of Public Health. "It is theoretically possible with what we know today to prevent any new cases from being transmitted."
But it's easier said than done. The obvious measures -- like trying to close the bathhouses that may help spread AIDS into the heterosexual community via bisexual men -- haven't worked in either New York or San Francisco for political reasons. And what about the young wife whose husband got AIDS from a blood transfusion and died? Is she supposed to become celibate for the remainder of her life? If so, there's certainly no way to enforce it. A more likely answer is a massive educational effort aimed at encouraging the single-partner life-style and a little restraint in sexual practices. "This is not a question of morality," says Dr. Walter R. Dowdle of CDC. "It's just a biological fact."
No one can predict how the AIDS epidemic will rank with the great plagues of history. "It's best to be prepared and expect the worst," says UCal San Francisco's Levy. The disease could dramatically sweep the general population just as it burst out among gay men a few years ago. But with its running start in unraveling the secrets of the shifty AIDS virus, medical science just might be able to stop it in its devious tracks.

Graphic

 
Picture 1, Marching San Francisco: 'The fact that it hit primarily gay men means [the government] didn't react with the sense of urgency that otherwise would have been the case', MICK HICKS -- GAMMA-LIAISON; Picture 2, A microscopic view of the AIDS virus, SIPA-SPECIAL FEATURES; Picture 3, Haseltine: 'Once infected, a person is infectious for the rest of his life', BRYCE FLYNN -- PICTURE GROUP


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS: Virus of Fear; Gay Community Mobilizes to Battle AIDS







AIDS: Virus of Fear;
Gay Community Mobilizes to Battle AIDS
The Associated Press
September 15, 1985, Sunday, BC cycle


Copyright 1985 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 1668 words
Byline: By LISA LEVITT RYCKMAN, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


In gay communities across the country, everyone knows someone who has died of AIDS, someone who is dying of AIDS or someone who is simply scared to death.
"Some of us have lost more friends than our parents have," said Richard Dunne, executive director of the Gay Men's Health Crisis, the main AIDS agency in New York City. "Nothing in 20th century history has prepared us for this."
Like a nation under siege, the gay community has mobilized, setting up agencies to deal with victims, lobbying officials for money, trying to quiet public fear through education.
Gay men and women have steeled themselves for a backlash of bigotry fueled by the perception of AIDS as a predominantly "gay" disease, although lesbians are not a special risk group.
And as more friends and lovers are diagnosed and die every day, many gay men have changed the way they live, leaving the fast track for a middle ground with less chance of infection. They have taken on the monumental job of caring for the living dead and the worried well, and they have come out of it sadder and stronger.
"Most of us in our 30s have not dealt with death at all, and we're being forced to deal with it very suddenly and very traumatically in a very short time," Dunne said. "There's no overlooking the profound sadness. It's there, there all the time. We worry about our friends, we worry about ourselves."
The figures justify the fear. In San Francisco, cases of acquired immune deficiency syndrome are being reported at a rate of two a day, deaths at more than one a day. Since the count began in July 1981, 1,377 cases have been reported in the city, 98 percent of those among gay or bisexual men. More than half of those people have died.
In New York, AIDS is the leading cause of death among men aged 30 to 39. Nationwide, 73 percent of the 12,932 cases reported as of Sept. 2 were in gay men. There have been 6,481 deaths.
In the gay community, they're calling it a war. People who are watching their friends die say they have begun to adopt a combat mentality.
"(Soldiers) are in a war where they're seeing their comrades, their friends, being killed," said Dennis Bursch, a San Francisco realtor who has lost at least a dozen friends to AIDS. "But still they have to go on with what they're doing. So somehow, they build a defense system to insulate themselves from the reality of the deaths. That's what I've had to do."
Others have found it therapeutic to be in the trenches themselves. The GMHC has more volunteers than it can effectively use, Dunne said. Volunteers are the lifeblood of AIDS Project Los Angeles and the backbone of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation.
"I find friends of mine who are not involved, they frequently ask me, 'How do you stand being around this all day?' My response to that is, I don't know how they stand not doing anything about it," Dunne said. "I think when you get involved, it gives you a feeling of control over it to a certain extent."
After Dean Sandmire was diagnosed a year ago, he decided to do what he could for as long as he could. He became an activist in the San Francisco-based Mobilization Against AIDS and helped organize a Memorial Day candlelight vigil in more than 40 countries.
While Sandmire and others seek public attention, some men are just now summoning the courage to seek support and information. Every night somewhere in San Francisco, potential victims gather to discuss their best defense against the killer disease. The program is called STOP AIDS; it is a way for gay men to learn to reduce the risk of exposure and a place for them to vent fears.
Therapists say stress is highest among those who have not been diagnosed, particularly those men who have watched the painful, debilitating death of an AIDS victim.
"All the contagion fear which he suspended to be close to his dying friend comes back," therapist Leon McKusick told a meeting of the American Psychological Association in Los Angeles. "Moreover, he is acutely aware of what AIDS looks like and is petrified of getting it from or giving it to anyone else."
Some men continue to behave as if they are out of the disease's reach.
"We've seen people so freaked out they deny and withdraw, they play harder and they stay away from the agencies dealing with AIDS and their friends who are ill with AIDS," said Tim Wolfred, executive director of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation.
But the vast majority have changed their lives to make survival more likely, Wolfred said. There's more of an emphasis on getting enough sleep, food and exercise and less on promiscuity. Two San Francisco studies show that 75 percent to 80 percent of gay men have opted for a safer sex life, McKusick said.
"The level of monogamy in existing gay relationships has increased. The number of sexual partners has decreased. And the frequency of high-risk sexual activity has decreased," he said.
MORE= bars and bathhouses have "safe sex" guidelines tacked on the wall. San Francisco closed its bathhouses a year ago.
"That was really the slap across the face that woke people up to the need to change," Wolfred said.
Other homosexuals have been roused by the use of AIDS as a tool for discrimination, particularly by the religious right.
"Many people are becoming galvanized by the crisis and come out to fight the disease and the falsehoods being spread about the disease. Every time the Rev. Jerry Falwell opens his mouth, more people come out of the closet," said Ron Najman, spokesman for the National Gay Task Force, a civil rights group with 10,000 members.
Falwell, the leader of Moral Majority, said at a rally in Ohio in 1983, "Herpes, AIDS, venereal diseases … are a definite form of the judgment of God upon a society." More recently, he said, "Homosexuals are violating the laws of nature."
AIDS is being used to rekindle a violent anti-gay bigotry that is gaining ever-widening acceptance, said Katy Taylor, a human rights specialist with the New York City Commission on Human Rights.
She recalled an AIDS victim hospitalized after being beaten with a chair leg by a group of men hired by a landlord who wanted him out of the building.
"But instead of just beating someone up, they're now beating someone up and saying, 'You're sick, I think you all should die, you deserve what you got,"' she said. "AIDS has really highlighted the tragedy that the lack of civil rights for gays and lesbians wreaks on a whole community, not to mention the whole city."
In smaller cities, the situation is exacerbated by the lack of support networks. In Fayetteville, Ark., last spring, Paul Cameron, an aide to U.S. Rep. William Dannemeyer, R-Calif., stirred feelings with a speech about AIDS and homosexuality at the University of Arkansas.
"He scared a lot of straight people," said Linda Lovell, a member of the 50-member Gay and Lesbian Action Delegation in the city of 30,000. "He gave out a lot of pamphlets on AIDS that implied that all homosexuals are diseased in some way, that any kind of casual contact could be fatal. He called for a total quarantine for all gay males and talked about regional detention centers."
Subsequent letters to the editor and newspaper ads demanded that gay people be denied access to public facilities, including the swimming pool and library, and suggested they not be hired for restaurant, hospital or child-care work.
"We have tried to hold together under all these attacks," she said. "A lot of people may be concerned about AIDS, but they act as though they're more concerned about homosexuality."
Confidentiality is also a critical issue for the gay community, particularly when it comes to results of the HTLV-III test, which is used to determine who has been exposed to the suspected AIDS virus. Although preliminary estimates indicate that only 5 percent to 20 percent of gay men with the antibodies will develop the disease, homosexuals worry the information could be used against them.
"People cannot afford to lose their health insurance benefits. People will simply disappear, and you will not be able to treat the problem," Najman said.
In California, the Legislature passed laws last year making the test results confidential. But insurance companies, concerned about the staggering costs of treating AIDS patients, are lobbying for access to the information.
With AIDS-related discrimination already a reality for healthy gay men and lesbians, the stigma of a diagnosis can destroy what's left of the victim's life.
"One man went home to visit his family, to let them know, and his brother would not let him be around his nieces and nephews, but made him look through a window into their home to see them at Christmas," said Robert McLane, a counselor at AIDS Project Los Angeles.
But for every story of abandonment, there are those of loving support. Laurie McBride, who heads the Golden Gate Business Association, a group of more than 700 gay businessmen and women in San Francisco, talks about the networks of people who share the 24-hour job of caring for friends with AIDS.
"We recognize that we are responsible for ourselves and are taking it a step further and being responsible for each other. There's tremendous love in our community at this point," she said.
The confrontation with death is forcing many in the gay community to re-evaluate their lives, to question their identities as homosexuals and, in many cases, to realign their priorities. Relationships with friends and lovers have assumed new importance.
"It's opened people up, shaken them up, taken them out of the non-stop party fast-lane and turned them into very sensitive, aware human beings who now are very involved in volunteer efforts, taking care of those who are ill and the political battles," Wolfred said. "In a sense, it's matured them very quickly."
Wolfred's New York counterpart, Richard Dunne, agrees.
"I think there has been a pulling together, a greater sensitivity that we need to be together," he said. "This is an issue worth coming out over, because it's a life and death matter. If we don't help ourselves, who is going to help us?"

Graphic

 
With Laserphoto


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS CLAIMS 'GAY' ACTIVIST







AIDS CLAIMS 'GAY' ACTIVIST
COURIER-MAIL
June 25, 1988 Saturday


Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 214 words
Byline: COSTELLO D
Body


AIDS claims "gay' activist LOS ANGELES._ ""Gay" rights activist Leonard Matlovich, who said the US Air Force honored him for killing two men in the Vietnam war but discharged him for loving one, died of AIDS on Wednesday.
QNPMr Matlovich, 45, became a symbol in the ""gay" rights movement in the 1970s when, as an enlistee, he revealed that he was ""gay". He said he wanted to test the military's ban on homosexuals in uniform. At the time, he was an Air Force technical sergeant who had served three tours of duty in Vietnam and won a Purple Heart, a Bronze Star and other commendations. He was expelled from the military in 1975 but launched a five-year court battle that ended when the Air Force agreed to pay him $A197,000. For his fight to win the right of homosexuals to serve in the military, Time magazine put his photo on its cover and made him the subject of a major article on the ""gay" rights movement. After his discharge, Mr Matlovich moved to San Francisco and enlisted in a number of ""gay" rights activities. Last year he was arrested at the White House during a demonstration for the rights of AIDS victims. Mr Matlovich disclosed that he had Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome in a television interview last May. He died in Hollywood where he had moved recently. Reuter

Graphic

 
PIC OF LEONARD MATLOVICH





BEFORE rushing to the conclusion that education about the dangers of AIDS does not work, we need to look very carefully at the basis for MLC Martin Cameron's assertion (The Advertiser, 11/3/87) that although most gay men "know about the precautions they are not taking them".
 Mr Cameron cites as the source of his information a recent letter to the Medical Journal of Australia by Dr Michael Ross, co-ordinator of the AIDS Program in SA, reporting a survey he conducted in 1986. In fact, Mr Cameron has been misled by a garbled version of this letter which appeared in the Sunday Mail - a version which attributed to Dr Ross a statement that "up to 96 p.c. of SA homosexuals surveyed still placed themselves at risk from AIDS".
If that were true, it would indeed be a devastating conclusion. What Dr Ross actually wrote, however, was that 96 p.c. of those surveyed "had heard of safer sex and understood what it involved".
 Indeed, not only did they know what it involved, but a significant number of them also practised it. Dr Ross found that 61 p.c. of the gay men who responded to his survey used condoms in their sexual encounters, although only half that number did so consistently. This is undoubtably a cause for concern.
 But the fact that almost one-third of those surveyed used condoms all the time is also ground for cautious optimism that education about safer sex is making headway.
 It is quite clear from Dr Ross's figures, moreover, that gay men are much more alert to the danger of AIDS and the need to use condoms than is the community at large. An as-yet-unpublished piece of Australia-wide market research, for example, suggests that while around one-third of the general public use condoms, only 6 p.c. do so consistently.
 In short, in a situation where it is increasingly clear that the whole community, and not just its gay component, is at risk from AIDS, gay men have a markedly better track record than most for taking sensible steps to avoid contracting the disease.
Dr ROGER KNIGHT,
AIDS Council of SA.





 The first Aids advertising aimed directly at homosexual and bisexual men breaks next week in the gay press. The Pounds 100,000 campaign will stress 'safer sex' - and could prove a controversial addition to the Government's high profile Aids awareness drive.
The campaign by the Health Education Authority's (HEA) advertising agency, BMP Davidson Pearce, is unlikely to run in the national press. Derek Bodell, HEA's senior programme officer for Aids says: 'The more specific advice on safer sex has a high risk that the ads would conflict with the Obscene Publications Act.'
 The campaign in the gay press will be followed next month by four different ads in the women's press. Aimed at women of between 16 and 35, it will 'encourage women to think carefully about safer sex and try to encourage women to realise the dangers of HIV infection,' says John Flaherty, the HEA's advertising director.
 Flaherty adds that there are six other advertisements being developed in the ongoing anti-Aids campaign, which are planned to appear later this year.
 The Pounds 100,000 spend compares with the Pounds 2m the Department of Health is spending just on its ad campaign aimed at drug users.
 But the HEA points out there is little point in spending a lot of money in the national press to reach relatively few of the target group, when more of them can be reached more cheaply through ads in the specialist titles.
 BMP Davidson Pearce won the HEA Aids business last July. It took over from TBWA, which was responsible for the Pounds 5m campaign aimed at business travellers and tourists which ran last spring.
 One of the new press ads will also be developed into a poster to be displayed in gay meeting places such as clubs and bars.





The fatal disease AIDS may have sparked an outlash of violence and abuse against homosexuals in the past year, according to a psychologist who studies ''homophobia.''
''When a controversial group becomes more visible it is common for people to attack it,'' said Gregory M. Herek, an assistant professor of psychology at the City University of New York Graduate Center.
Herek said the spread of the deadly disease may be inciting people who are already prejudiced against homosexuals to rape, kill and beat the people they dislike or fear.
No federal agency keeps tabs on violent acts specifically aimed at homosexuals and only a handful of cities have recently begun keeping separate records on violence against gays, Herek said in a recent interview.
But some political and social gay groups that keep an unofficial tally are reporting an apparent rise in violence and abuse against homosexual men and women, he said.
Herek, who testified in October at a Congressional hearing on criminal justice, said the unofficial tallies indicate more and more attacks in the past year have included slurs and remarks about AIDS.
Herek has interviewed dozens of people who have attacked homosexuals and he said he believes AIDS has given homophobics an excuse for violent acts.
The disease first appeared in America among homosexual men and quickly spread to the heterosexual population.
''They think, 'these people are passing AIDS so it's okay to hurt them','' he said.
But, people who are not homophobic to begin with are probably not moved to violence by the AIDS epidemic, he said.
''I would suggest AIDS is not increasing prejudice against homosexuality,'' he said. ''It is being used as an excuse by people who hate gays to hurt them, when perhaps they would not have hurt them physically before.''
Most attacks against homosexuals are committed by young men in their late teens and early 20's, Herek said. They often commit assaults in gangs, beating up lone gay men whom they don't know personally, sometimes fatally.
''Young males are sensitive to peer pressure,'' Herek said. ''By going outside of the group and attacking someone, they establish their manhood within the group.
''To attack someone who is perceived as unmasculine makes it even more so.''
Herek said often the attacks are very sexual in nature and involve castration, mutilation and even male rape.
He said his studies of homophobic crimes suggest gay men are attacked with the same anger and vigor that characterized lynchings of blacks in the past.
''They're not just killed,'' he said. ''They're mutilated, hung, shot and stabbed even though they are a stranger to their attackers. They bring out incredible feelings of rage.
Herek said attacks against lesbians are harder to characterize.
''They may be attacked because they're gay women, or because they are women,'' he said. ''It's very hard to differentiate.''
Herek said both black and white youths attack homosexuals. Often, the attackers are ''model kids,'' athletes and good students.
''They use a common defense -- that the victim came on to them,'' Herek said. ''And they don't have a lot of remorse if they're caught.
''They have an irrational need to blame gays for something, now its for AIDS,'' he said. ''They want to hurt them even though they know it wont help anything.''


End of Document
Page  of 
Federal AIDS Aid







Federal AIDS Aid
National Journal
August 30, 1986


Copyright 1986 The National Journal, Inc.
Section:  REPORTS; Health; Vol. 18, No. 35; Pg. 2049
Length: 352 words
Body


Within the Health and Human Services Department's Public Health Service are a number of agencies that oversee AIDS programs.  Listed below are the primary ones and some examples of what they do.  Research efforts are frequently conducted both by agency staff and by private researchers with agency grants.
Centers for Disease Control: tracks the number of AIDS cases and the spread of the virus and studies how it is transmitted; primarily responsible for getting information to medical and public health officials and spearheading public education and prevention efforts.
National Institutes of Health: comprises several separate centers that conduct biomedical research into disease prevention and cures; the National Cancer Institute and the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases are trying to develop a vaccine against the AIDS virus and to develop and study drugs to fight AIDS; researchers at the National Cancer Institute isolated the AIDS virus in 1984; the National Heart, Blood and Lung Institute is looking into better methods of detecting the AIDS antibody in blood.
Alcohol, Drug Abuse and Mental Health Administration: made up of several components; the National Institute on Drug Abuse is researching strategies to reduce the spread of AIDS among intravenous drug abusers; the National Institute of Mental Health is looking into the psychological and social aspects of AIDS; the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism is researching how alcohol's suppression of the body's immune response might contribute to the risk of getting AIDS.
Health Resources and Services Administration: oversees health services to underserved groups, including native Americans, migrant workers and some low-income individuals; has targeted information to hemophiliacs and children with AIDS and has recently launched demonstration projects in four major cities to improve and coordinate delivery of services to AIDS patients.
Food and Drug Administration: has licensed commercial tests to screen for exposure to the AIDS virus and coordinated measures to keep infected blood out of the blood supply.


End of Document
Page  of 
''Aid for AIDS'' rock concert telethon







''Aid for AIDS'' rock concert telethon
United Press International
September 18, 1985, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1985 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 374 words
Byline: By STAN W. METZLER
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


AIDS sufferers have joined victims of starvation in Africa and hard times in the American farm belt as beneficiaries of entertainment extravaganzas aimed at raising relief money.
Organizers of an entertainment industry committee to fight AIDS announced Tuesday they are putting together a rock concert and telethon, billed as ''Aid for AIDS,'' to raise money to find a cure for the deadly disease.
Definite plans for the event were not disclosed, but a spokeswoman said the concert is tentatively scheduled for March in the 90,000-seat Los Angeles Coliseum and may be televised nationwide.
''It will be a rock concert with a lot of other celebrities interspersed with the music,'' said Marilyn Sharon, an independent producer who is heading the talent search for the concert.
''It will be on the scale of Live Aid, with many major music stars, and I think it definitely will generate a lot of dollars,'' she said.
Live Aid was an internationally televised concert to raise money for African famaine relief. A major concert later this month -- Farm Aid - hopes to raise millions for struggling American farmers.
Actor Brian Patrick Clarke, who portrays Dr. Grant Andrews on the ''General Hospital'' television soap opera, joined the news conference, saying he represents those in ''Middle America'' who want to see an end to AIDS, which strikes mostly at male homosexuals.
Clarke said AIDS ''is not just the gay community's problem, it's not just a gay disease.
''But even if it were exclusive to the gay community, that's a considerable faction of our society and a considerable portion of mankind as a whole, and I think it's very important that we recognize the fact that there is a need for the research and ultimately, hopefully, for a cure.''
Also attending was Tom Procter, who billed himself as ''the token person with AIDS on this committee,'' and said he represents those suffering from the disease who have not given up hope.
''AIDS is a human problem,'' he added. ''We can lick this thing if we work together.''
Organizers said another goal of the committee is to finance two residential communities, one in California and one on the East Coast, offering full medical and social services for people with AIDS ''who don't have anyplace else to go.''


End of Document
Page  of 
Aids







Aids
Financial Times (London,England)
November 22, 1986, Saturday
London


Copyright 1986 The Financial Times Limited
Section: SECTION I; Editorial; Pg. 6
Length: 1987 words
Byline: Richard Evans
Highlight: Richard Evans on the UK response
Body


Reported Cases
USA 24,491* (10.5)**
Canada 699 (2.8)
Switzerland 138 (2.12)
Denmark 93 (1.82)
Belgium 171 (1.73)
France 859 (1.56)
Netherlands 146 (1.01)
Iceland 2 (1.00)
West Germany 538 (0.88)
Luxembourg 3 (0 75)
Sweden 57 (0.69)
UK 389 (389 (0.69)
Norway 24 (0.57)
Italy 300 (0.52)
Australia 36 (0.48)
Spain 17 (0.46)
*Total to June 86 **(Rate per 100,000 of population)
Amid the welter of statistics, projections and guesses in yesterday's House of Commons debate on the threat of the Aids virus, there were two key facts.
The first is that the number of Aids cases in Britain is now doubling every 10 months, a startling rate of increase for a disease that was only discovered in the UK late in 1981.
The second is that the incidence of Aids is in the process of breaking out the initially affected groups - male homosexuals and bi-sexuals, haemophiliacs and intravenous drug takers - to affect the wider population.
Both have profound and deeply disturbing implications for society, the Government and the medical profession.  By common consent, critical decisions have to be taken and implemented quickly if the spread of the disease is to be contained, and this was the purpose of yesterday's wide-ranging policy statement by Mr Norman Fowler, the Social Services Secretary.
His message was stark: "It is not a problem that will disappear in the next six months or so.  The likelihood is that it is a problem for at least the next 10 years, and probably for the rest of the century.  The number of Aids cases is inevitably going to increase whatever we do," he told MPs.
The number of cases in Britain has risen from 19 in 1982 to 52 in 1983, 111 in 1984, to 240 last year.  The present total is 565, half of whom have already died.  At least 4,500 more are known carriers and the estimated total of affected people is 30,000.  The latest projections are that there will be 1,300 cases next year and 3,000 in 1988.
Britain is now where the US was four years ago, but in the meantime US figures have exploded to over 26,000 cases with a death total of 10,000.  One estimate given by Mr Fowler yesterday is that there will be a cumulative total of 179,000 deaths in the US by 1991, including 54,000 in that year alone.
One of the more worrying aspects of the epidemic, both in Britain and elsewhere, is ignorance about the virus, the ways in which it can be trasmitted, and its origins.
It can lurk undetected in the blood stream from nine months to seven years before it strikes and has so far defied all efforts to cure it, moderate its lethal effects or slow down its progress.
It is known to be transmitted in three main ways; by anal intercourse, by contaminated blood transfusions, and needle-sharing by drug addicts.However, the virus can also be transmitted by a man to a woman via sperm, and by a woman to a man through vaginal intercourse.
It is known that the virus is carried in any body fluid - blood, semen, secretions in the vagina, saliva and tears - and that it can only survive and multiply if it gets into the blood stream.
The advice, therefore, is that some additional practices should be discouraged, including oral sex, sharing sex toys such as vibrators, and any activity that breaks the skin or draws blood.  Deep kissing could also be questionable because of the exchange of saliva, but there is no evidence of any case being caused by either saliva or tears.
It is emphasised, however, that Aids cannot be contracted through touching a sufferer or objects they might use like crockery, food, clothes, doorknobs or lavatory seats.
The first confirmed cases in the US were early in 1981 among male homosexuals, but in Haiti and parts of Africa, where it is now endemic, Aids emerged several years earlier as a disease of heterosexuals as well as homosexuals.  It was found to be as common among women as men.
Largely because of the US experience, the initial inclination in the UK was to see Aids - which stands for acquired immune deficiency syndrome - as a minority problem restricted largely to male homosexuals.  It was dubbed the gay plague on both sides of the Atlantic.
Most experts have now revised their views and believe that Aids is now as much a danger to men and women heterosexuals as it is to homosexuals.  "The day when people thought the infection was limited to promiscuous homosexuals and drug addicts is long past.  This affects the population as a whole," says Sir Richard Doll, the epidemiologist.
Dr Anthony Pinching, a consultant at St Mary's Hospital, London, believes that the number of sexual partners a person has is the major risk factor.  Whether it is homosexual or heterosexual intercourse he considers far less relevant.  "It is now simply a numbers game.  The more partners a person has the more he or she will be at risk."
This view is held by virtually all the leading specialists despite the fact that the latest statistics show that only seven men and nine women have acquired Aids in Britain after heterosexual contacts.
However, Sir Donald Acheson, the Government's chief medical officer, stressed yesterday that the virus was still "virtually" contained within the high risk groups.  "There is no need for panic …  people who have had a number of sexual partners over the last year or two are very unlikely to have become infected.  But what we must do is to ensure there are changes in their behaviour from now on."
The earlier "gay plague" attitude meant that the UK was relatively late in facing the threat from Aids, much to the frustration of medical specialists.  It is only recently that Whitehall and the health authorities have begun to realise the novel and horrific dangers presented by the virus.
Despite references by Ministers to "the biggest medical threat of the century," the amount of money and drive addressed to the problem until now has been small a-few million a year for research and 2.5 m Pounds (pds) for a low key and largely ineffectual publicity campaign earlier this year.  "Too little, too late," in the opinion of the British Medical Association.
There is evidence that the buck was passed around Whitehall for several months until Sir Kenneth Stowe, permanent secretary at the Department of Health and Social Security and Sir Donald Acheson, the government's chief medical officer, went to Sir Robert Armstrong, the Cabinet Secretary, to plead for immediate action.
Sir Robert succeeded in persuading the Prime Minister that a subject she regarded with distaste merited urgent attention.  It showed a marked change of heart by Mrs Thatcher, who had delayed and diluted the original advertising campaign.
Now we have concrete signs of a change of gear as Ministers have grasped the dimension of the threat posed.  "At last the Government is beginning to move on the real issues …  we have been trying to persuade them for three years," says Dr Pinching.
The Ministerial group co-ordinating action against Aids, previously chaired by Mr Tony Newton, the Health Minister, has been beefed up under Viscount Whitelaw, Mrs Thatcher's deputy.  The niggardly budget has been increased to 20 m pds over the next 12 months, and a special health authority, based on the Health Education Council, set up to oversee the campaign.  "Resources will be sufficient," Ministers insist.
It is generally agreed by all political parties that since there is no cure, the only viable weapon is public education, but there is conflict over the scale and cost of the campaign.  Mr Michael Meacher, Labour's social services spokesman, says that between 50 m pds and 100 m pds should be spent by government, and the SDP has urged an additional 60 m pds for Aids care and campaigns.
There will be a further burst of advertisements in the Sunday newspapers this weekend and more in the dailies next week, backed by a 1,500-site national poster campaign.  There will then be a series of advertisements in mid-December targeted at young people.
These will have explicit slogans like "Your next sexual partner could be that very special partner - the one that gives you Aids" and "Aids - how many people will get it for Christmas?"
The Government's major effort, however, will be a leaflet drop in the New Year to all 23 m households in the country, using the slogan "Aids: Don't die of ignorance." It will backed by a public service television campaign on BBC and Independent Television that also promises to pull no punches.  The message will be simple: "Stick to one partner or use a condom."
The stronger campaign is fully backed by the medical profession.  Dr John Dawson, the BMS's expert on the disease, is convinced the way ahead must be through public education and by changing patterns of sexual behaviour.  "We must try to educate people to change their sexual habits …  people must be made to think monogamy is the correct way to behave."
It appears Ministers are anxious to change public attitudes towards Aids as quickly as possible to enable more fundamental steps to be taken later if necessary, without arousing opposition among the public at large or Conservative supporters in particular.
The Government is acutely aware that some proposed courses of action, like the provision of free condoms and needles and the lifting of the Independent Broadcasting Authority ban on condom advertisements, could be regarded by some of the electorate as encouraging promiscuity and drug abuse.  No decisions have yet been taken on these issues.
There is no sign yet, moreover, that Ministers are ready to advocate widespread screening or travel restrictions on those found to be infected.  Mr Fowler yesterday underlined the many difficulties involved.
Running in tandem with the Government education programme will be the investigation of the Aids crisis by the Commons social services select committee.  Evidence has been requested by December 15 from a number of organisations which might have to take tough policy decisions, as well as from medical specialists and health authorities.
These include the Confederation of British Industry and the Trades Union Congress because of implications for the work-place, the Ministry of Defence because of fears that Aids might spread in the services, and insurance organisations.  Almost all insurance companies are now asking Aids-related questions on proposal forms and if there is any hint of a problem an applicant is refused cover or sent for further tests.
The key question now must be what prospect has the beefed-up campaign of working, of affecting the remorseless advance of Aids?  For the brutal fact must be faced that the Aids epidemic has taken hold and there is no sign that anything can stop it.  At best, with much money and effort, its progress may be slowed.
To be of significant use, the campaign has to be very broadly directed at the whole population, homing in on the need for prevention by adopting sensible sexual practices.
In particular, it will have to seek to influence the sexual habits of young heterosexuals, male and female, who had previously not thought of themselves as vulnerable.  A tall order indeed.  Will a generation of pill users be willing to switch to Condoms?
It must be said that the precedents are not particularly favourable.  Health education campaigns have not been obviously successful when plugging a negative message encouraging the sacrifice of pleasures for an uncertain long-term benefit.  The campaigns against smoking, drink-driving, and more recently hard drugs have been, at best, limited successes.
The balance is a desperately difficult one to strike - between creating panic and encouraging complacency, between the general good and individual liberty and between spreading knowledge and attracting prejudice.
But if the campaign fails, there will be the question, in a very few years, of how society is going to adjust to a country in which Aids is endemic.


End of Document
Page  of 
Gays Galvanized By AIDS Threat







Gays Galvanized By AIDS Threat
The Associated Press
October 25, 1986, Saturday, PM cycle


Copyright 1986 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 647 words
Byline: By STEVE BREWER, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


AIDS has politically galvanized California's homosexual community even as it has decimated its ranks, say activists battling the twin threats of discrimination and political isolation.
"The ultimate irony is that AIDS has breathed new life into the gay political movement," said Benjamin Schatz, an attorney with the National Gay Rights Advocates.
Perhaps the biggest challenge lies ahead. On Nov. 4, Californians vote on Proposition 64, a measure put forward by supporters of extremist Lyndon LaRouche.
Schatz and other activists say members of the gay community are leading the fight against the proposition just as they have worked to help AIDS victims and to fight those using AIDS to justify hatred of homosexuals.
"We stopped to bury the dead and nurse the wounded, but now we've taken up our weapons once again and we're back on the battlefield of human rights," said activist Greg Day. "We've learned quite a bit in the process … how to work with each other, how to work with people outside the gay community."The proposition could result in the quarantine of people carrying the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome. It also would prevent people who have the virus from working in schools and certain other jobs.
"Today AIDS is out of control. … AIDS is the gravest public health threat our nation has ever faced," says the ballot argument in favor of Proposition 64, written by LaRouche backers Khushro Ghandhi and pathologist Dr. John Grauerholz.
The initiative is opposed by many doctors, leaders of both major political parties and civil liberties groups, but homosexual activists say fear of AIDS makes it impossible to consider Proposition 64 an automatic failure.
Tim Wolfred, executive director of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation, said the political right "can play on people's natural fears of a fatal illness and people's explicit or latent anti-gay attitudes and whip up a lot of people to quarantine, to deny civil rights. … It's very easy to talk about quarantining high-risk groups as a cover for discriminating."Activists note that AIDS isn't a "homosexual disease." The lethal illness, which robs the body of its natural defenses, has been concentrated among male homosexuals, hemophiliacs and intravenous drug abusers in the United States, but has spread among some heterosexuals.
"We're trying to 'de-gay' the disease because we have a legitimate reason to fear that people don't care if we die of AIDS," Schatz said. "It is a terrible realization."Since AIDS hit San Francisco's homosexual community in the summer of 1981, the city has recorded more than 2,400 cases, including 1,400 AIDS-related deaths, according to the city Health Department.
The homosexual community's initial reaction was a combination of mourning and self-preservation, Day said.
"People tended to drop out of the community, to stay home where it was safe," he said. "Now, we've reached the point where we've become full participants in society again without fear."For some, political activism has been an outgrowth of working with AIDS victims.
"It's been building steadily," said Schatz. "A lot of people have been brought into AIDS service organizations who were never involved in any way with events affecting the gay community."Others already were involved in politics and social activism, but have been given new impetus by AIDS.
Day, for example, is a longtime community activist _ chairman of the Gay-Lesbian Youth Advocacy Council, a founder of the Larkin Street Youth Center, a member of several advisory boards. But when the school district refused to implement an AIDS prevention education program, he decided to run for the Board of Education.
"The school board didn't take this as seriously as I think they should have," he said. "That process was so frustrating and so difficult that I realized I should move right ahead and try to become a member of the board."


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS testing







AIDS testing
National Journal
March 22, 1986


Copyright 1986 The National Journal, Inc.
Section:  AT A GLANCE; A Weekly Checklist of Major Issues; Health; Vol. 18, No. 12; Pg. 732
Length: 241 words
Body


The Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta and the Food and Drug Administration are each taking steps to increase the use of testing for exposure to the AIDS (acquired immune deficiency syndrome) virus.  The CDC is urging wider testing of high-risk individuals, while the FDA is expected to propose changes in the labeling that governs the use of tests to make it "less restrictive," according to a Health and Human Services Department spokeswoman.
The CDC urged the stepped-up testing out of concern that the disease is being transmitted by individuals who haven't become ill and who don't know they have been exposed to the virus.  Experts estimate that 6-40 per cent of those exposed to the virus can later contract the disease, which can lie dormant for years.  The existing test-kit label cautions that the test should not be used as a means of identifying high-risk individuals.  That warning was included at the urging of gay rights groups concerned that the test would be used to discriminate against homosexual men and other high-risk individuals.  Gay groups are again negotiating to make sure the new label would also discourage unfair use of the test.  Despite the call for increased testing, the Reagan Administration wants to rescind $10.4 million appropriated for AIDS testing programs in fiscal 1986.  The HHS spokeswoman said federal funds were provided last year to set up the testing programs and additional funds aren't necessary.


End of Document
Page  of 
Gay ads dismay Aids charity







Gay ads dismay Aids charity
The Guardian (London)
February 7, 1989


Copyright 1989 Guardian Newspapers Limited
Length: 296 words
Byline: By AILEEN BALLANTYNE, Medical Correspondent
Body


 A Pounds 300,000 government advertising campaign on HIV and Aids aimed at gay bars and the gay press was attacked at its launch yesterday as a 'wasted opportunity'.
 The campaign is based on two advertisements headed: 'They used to say masturbation was bad for you.
Now it could save your life,' and, 'If you think safer sex sounds dull, reading this might change your position.'
 Mr Nick Partridge, a spokesman for the main Aids charity, the Terrence Higgins Trust, criticised the Government's failure to place the advertisements for homosexuals in the national press.
 Although the campaign was welcome there had been a five-year delay in making education material available to gay men, he said.
 The advertising campaign amounted to only 3 per cent of the Government's Pounds 10 million annual Aids education budget. He added that adverts running only in the gay press would be unlikely to have any impact on 'men who have sex with men but do not identify themselves as gay.'
 Ms Susan Perl, director of the Health Education Authority's Aids programme said the department was researching effective ways of reachimg men who did not see themselves as homosexuals.
 She said the fact that more public money was being spent on Aids health education projects for the heterosexual population was justified, because although spread of HIV infection started in the homosexual community the incidence was rising more sharply in the heterosexual community, where there was less knowledge and less concern.
 A further 30 people died of Aids last month, according to Department of Health figures issued yesterday.
 Up to the end of January, 2,049 cases have been reported - 67 more than the month before. In the UK, 1,089 people have now died of Aids. Of those, 885 were homosexual or bisexual.





The co-ordinator of the world's first gay AIDS prevention program advised homosexuals yesterday not to be screened for the virus, claiming the tests were "irrelevant".
Mr Raymond Jacobs, in Sydney for the Second National Conference on AIDS, also criticised governments for injecting funds into testing when more money should be spent on education.
He also called on the Australian Government to fund an education program in the form of a film showing explicit sex scenes between gays and also heterosexual couples.
Mr Jacobs, co-ordinator of the AIDS prevention program for the Gay Men's Health Crisis, New York City, said homosexual and bisexual men should be practising safer sex methods whether they were positive or negative to the AIDS virus.
"My advice to all gay men is not to be tested - function as if you need to practise safe sex," he said.
"Testing is an irrelevant issue because they may be negative today and positive tomorrow."
Mr Jacobs believed the only time testing for the AIDS virus was relevant was when people were considering having children.
He gave several reasons for refusing AIDS tests, including the fact that confidentiality could not be guaranteed. He said stress, which adversely affected a person's immune system, increased with the knowledge of being AIDS antibody positive.
But the director of Sydney's Albion Street AIDS Clinic, Dr Julian Gold, told The Sydney Morning Herald he did not believe Mr Jacobs's comments applied to the homosexual community or other high-risk groups in Australia.
"It is not just a question of testing so you don't pass on the disease, but a question of diagnosing the disease in its early stages so we have time to prevent it from progressing on to full-blown AIDS," Dr Gold said.
"I am very disturbed about people who actually discourage people from being diagnosed in the early stages of the disease.
"The two advantages of early diagnosis are you can stop the spread and you may be able to alter the course of the disease by changing lifestyles, preventing other sexually transmissible diseases and being available for any drug trials into the early treatment of the disease."
Mr Jacobs thinks the Australian Government should support the production of a film showing safe sex procedures to the gay and heterosexual community.
He said the gay community in New York had already funded its own film, Chance In A Lifetime, which was taken off the television monitors at the recent International Conference on AIDS in Paris because it was too explicit.
Chance In A Lifetime will be shown at the YWCA centre in Wentworth Avenue, Sydney, on Friday.





GAY couples who were rejected in an anti-AIDS advertisement are being encouraged to apply to the Anti-Discrimination Board of NSW.
The camera was to pan across 200 couples - including Aboriginal, Asian and gay couples, a mix which was to match the statistical average in the community.
Eight were to be male gay couples. This proved too much for the television networks, and the ad, which was to be launched today in a modified form, had to be remade simulating heterosexual couples only.
The ads are part of a $1.4 million Federal campaign.
Carmel Niland, president of the Anti-Discrimination Board, said any gay couple who presented themselves to be in the ad and were refused permission to participate could well have grounds of complaint against whoever refused them
"Those people who have been personally affected should contact the Anti-Discrimination Board," she said.
The Federal Minister for Health, Dr Neal Blewett, has decried the moralism of the television networks.
The agent who spent a week finding 200 people to get into bed with each other, Daniel Lucas, said he had received a large number of inquiries from gay couples who wanted to be in the ad.
They felt they could contribute in the fight against AIDS.
"We had a lot of trouble, because when the change came we were in the process of putting together homosexual couples. Many had to pretend they were heterosexual," he said.
He said many of the actors did not feel it was properly representative of the community, and nor did he.
The advertising agency that made the ad, Magnus, Nankervis and Curl, is equally displeased with the forced changes.
"We are as unhappy as Neal Blewett," said the account manager, Graham Edwards.
"In order to be accurate and realistic it was necessary to show that in any sexual chain there is going to be a bisexual.
"What this ad is trying to do is demonstrate that you sleep with everyone your partner sleeps with."
Dr Blewett has placed the blame for the network's refusal to run the ad squarely on the shoulders of the Federation of Australian Commercial Television Stations (FACTS).
Calling on the networks to change their decision, he said: "I think it's important to challenge that kind of moralism which is impeding the passing over of effective messages."
David Morgan, the federal director of FACTS, said the decision not to run the commercial was entirely that of the Department of Health.
"The department and advertising agent brought the concept to us because they too felt it may well may cause concern. The concern of some stations was that it could upset their viewers," he said.
Tim Carrigan, the editor of the gay paper the Sydney Star Observer, said the lack of visibility of gays and lesbians on television perpetuated discrimination by making a significant minority invisible.
Despite the furore over this and the previous Grim Reaper campaign by the Federal Department of Health, AIDS campaigns directed at the identifiable gay community have been highly successful, said Bill Whittaker, the executive director of the AIDS Council of NSW.
"Research findings of behaviour change among the gay community has clearly demonstrated the outstanding success of AIDS preventative education in changing behaviour," he said.
"Safe sex, including the use of condoms, is now an accepted gay community standard."
The challenge now is to reach the men who have sex with other men but don't identify with the gay community.
"One important way of reaching these men is through the mainstream media. This is where the image of two men in bed would have been very effective in the new commercials," Whittaker said.
JOHN STAPLETON
THERE has to be a better place to spend your Saturday night than a public toilet or ill-lit park. Yet AIDS counsellors will soon go to the lengths of visiting Sydney's gay beats in the hope of finding those men AIDS education still has not reached.
Millions of dollars have been spent making "condoms", "shooting up", and"safe sex" household words.
But still, says Professor Ron Penny, chief Commonwealth education and services adviser on AIDS, "the most unsatisfactory area for AIDS education has been the apparent inability to impact on the general community. The process of education has to identify to each and every Australian that risks do exist."
Until 1987 most advertising and educational material was found in the gay press, the gay bars, saunas, and clubs. The 1984 Rubber Me pamphlets were followed up with the highly successful "question and answer" series and special seasonal campaigns targeting visitors to Sydney for summer and the Gay Mardi Gras in February.
The $2 million Grim Reaper series, launched on national television in April 1987, was the first major attempt at getting AIDS on the public agenda.
It was "highly successful and anxiety provoking", according to Professor Penny. Poll results 12 months later revealed that 95 per cent of those surveyed said they had increased awareness. However, 60 per cent wanted more information - and that's where the reaper cut himself down, according to the AIDS Council of NSW education officer Don Baxter: "It needed direct, explicit follow-up on how people could avoid being infected."
The next public TV campaign, in October 1987, referred people to five information brochures and ran about a month. It was unmemorable and Baxter thought it lacked appeal.
"Don't shoot up, don't shoot up AIDS" - remember the Russian roulette image? - was the next TV project in December 1987: The ads, targeting IV drug users and launched as part of the National Drug Offensive, may have effectively discouraged potential IV drug users, but Baxter doubts they did much to change the behaviour of regular users. That summer, the 12 to 20-year-old movie audience was targeted with the "Get Real" ads accompanying the last James Bond movie.
The next assault on mainstream consciousness came with the "Cover yourself against AIDS" campaign in April, 1988. The 11 $700,000 condom ads, featuring a controversial 2m long pink condom, sprang on to billboards and buses, promoting the use of prophylactics. Aimed at younger men and women, this was the first time homosexual behaviour was addressed in the public arena and was one of the more controversial campaigns.
But you have to be blunt, says Professor Penny. "Some argue about the sensitivity and offence that may be created by picturing a condom on the side of a bus. Such cities seem to be prepared to witness, without such messages, Australian communities dying from a preventable disease."
RUTH DESBURY

Graphic

 
Illus: A gay couple pose for the camera ... controversy in the bedroom. Photo by JACK PICONE





DID you know that changes in mental health could easily be the first indication of an AIDS infection? Or that people with advanced AIDS are more liable to transmit tuberculosis and various gut infections than AIDS itself? These are two of the little-known facts revealed through The Courier-Mail's question and answer phone-in over three hours yesterday. More than 250 questions came from readers, covering everything from the dangers of mosquitoes to the politics of educating children in schools about AIDS. The survey comes at the eve of the launch of the National Advisory Council on AIDS (NACAIDS) national AIDS awareness campaign, starting on April 1. Twenty-seven questions based on the phone-in were put to the Deputy Director-General of Health and AIDS Task Force member, Dr Ken Donald. Here are his replies: 1. Can you get AIDS from mosquitoes, flies, ants or other insects? No. Any disease transported by an insect has to be able to live and breed inside that insect. AIDS is not adapted to do that. Diseases like malaria and Ross River virus are adapted to be carried via mosquitoes, but infections like the common cold and measles are not. In practice, there is no evidence from major studies worldwide of mosquitoes transmitting AIDS. The chance of infected blood being carried outside the insect's proboscis is so unlikely as not to be a practical problem. On average, three drops of blood are needed to carry enough of the virus to be effective, but no mosquito would get off the ground with that much blood on its proboscis. 2.
QNPWhat are the AIDS stages, symptoms and how long do they take to appear? From the time of AIDS infection, a minimum of 50 percent of people, and probably the great majority will get fatal complications. The speed with which they develop AIDS symptoms can vary from six months to many years. It appears the majority will suffer fatal complications with AIDS between five and up to 10 or 20 years later. The symptoms are non-specific and can include loss of weight, loss of appetite, diarrhoea, night sweats, general illness, culminating in attacks of pneumonia and other infections which do not respond to treatment. Cancer and dementia are other manifestations of AIDS, and medical authorities worldwide say that mental disorders are frequently one of the early signs. It has reached the stage where differential diagnosis of any mental disturbance must now include AIDS. 3. Can you get AIDS from acupuncture needles, ear piercing, tattooing, barbers' razors, communal use of cups, glasses, sharing cigarettes or drinks? Needles, acupuncture, tattoos and razors: it's theoretically possible to get AIDS but the amount of blood transmitted by these things is so small, it's unlikely. There are regulations in Queensland which control the use of these items, so that the customer gets a new instrument or a sterilised one. Glasses and cups and sharing cigarettes and drinks are not a risk. The virus does not spread by the oral route and is destroyed by stomach gastric juices. 4. Can you get AIDS from someone with the virus just by being in the same place as them, or from breathing in their breath? No. 5. How can my teenage daughter obtain advice about avoiding AIDS? Phone numbers, publications? The disease is spread by sexual activity and sharing the needles of drug addicts. Blood is sucked into a syringe by one addict and often significant quantities are injected into the arm of the next intravenous drug user. The Health Department's Division of Health Promotion prints an explanatory leaflet about AIDS and the Queensland AIDS Council has a number of trained counsellors to give advice: telephone 8541758. 6. Can you get AIDS from kissing? In practice, AIDS is not transferred by kissing. The reason why it does not happen is that to promote AIDS, large amounts of saliva would need to enter the blood stream. This in fact doesn't happen because the saliva mainly goes into the stomach. 7. Will there be AIDS education provided by the Queensland Government in schools and to at-risk community groups? The Health Department has provided pamphlets about AIDS for Queensland State schools, and AIDS advice for the after-hours curriculum development.tion curriculum which is currently in place. For at-risk groups and homosexuals in particular, information is available from the Queensland AIDS Council. For other at-risk groups, including promiscuous heterosexuals, the Government has published pamphlets, although the most important source of accurate AIDS information is the various print and electronic media. The Education Department stated: AIDS is covered in the eight to 10-year-old's curriculum through citizenship education, health and physical education, and home economics, science and study of society. Children aged 11 and 12 receive education in AIDS in subjects such as biological science, health and physical education, and the home economics, science and study of society course. AIDS is also included in the after-hours personal development program.

Graphic

 
PIC OF DR DONALD





Polly Bergen cried for 20 minutes after reading the script, and then offered to pay for a part in it.
John Dye saw it as a chance to provide ''a lot of something for nothing'' about a tragedy he believes has affected almost everyone in Hollywood.
The 30-minute film ''Mother, Mother'' has its world premiere in Boston's John Hancock Hall Jan. 6. It was true labor of love for Bergen, Dye and the rest of the cast and crew, who worked for free.
The dramatic story focuses on a young man with AIDS and his estranged mother, who is trying to cope with his inevitable death.
More than 350 people donated time and technical support to create a film that would have cost an estimated $1.5 million. Equipment was either provided for free or at a fraction of the cost.
All of the proceeds will be going to community AIDS help organizations nationwide.
''They wanted to make a difference,'' says Micki Dickoff, a local film producer who conceived, co-produced and directed the drama. ''Everybody that came aboard was there because they wanted to do something about AIDS. People are very frustrated with this illness.
''What we learned in Hollywood in particular was there was nobody … who didn't have some particular relationship with someone with AIDS.''
Dickoff, 41, has taught television and film at Boston's Emerson College for a decade and has been producing documentaries and public service announcements for 15 years.
She wrote the story for ''Mother, Mother'' last January and took her idea to Hollywood, where she landed producer Judy Miller, co-producer and writer Ian Praiser, Michael Alden of Cannon Films and the biggest prize -- a $55,000 donation from John Hancock Financial Services.
The cast -- Bergen, Dye, Bess Armstrong and Piper Laurie -- all worked for free. Composer Henry Mancini provided the music and the theme song was written by Cris Williamson and performed by Kenny Rankin.
The film tells the story of Jeff (Dye), whose homosexual lover has just died of AIDS and who has discovered he also has the deadly virus, and his mother (Bergen) who rejected her son after he revealed his homosexuality.
Jeff, an AIDS hospice worker, dislikes his mother and tries to cope with his illness without her. But his co-worker Kate (Armstrong) and Martha (Laurie), the mother of his deceased lover -- try to convince the two to reunite.
''She's a highly unlikeable person,'' Bergen, 58, known for her performances in ''Winds of War'' and ''Making Mr. Right,'' says of her character. ''I think that the moment she finds out he has AIDS, she already feels that she's lost him … She shuts herself off from that pain by simply refusing to have anything to do with him.''
Dickoff first tackled the subject of AIDS in her documentary ''Too Little, Too Late,'' about how family and friends react to the deadly virus. The film aired on local television in several U.S. cities June 29.
''That film was about families who were there for their children through the illness of AIDS,'' Dickoff said. ''What I wanted to do was take 'Too Little, Too Late' one step further to show these families who reject their kids with AIDS.''
The underlying theme of ''Mother, Mother'' is unconditional love and forgiveness, Dickoff said.
''I've watched a lot of people die without the support of their families. I couldn't fathom this,'' she said. ''I felt there was no issue big enough to keep a mother and child from each other when the child was dying.''
Dickoff met hundreds of AIDS victims while filming ''Too Little, Too Late,'' and many were featured in both the documentary and ''Mother, Mother.''
''It's like no other disease that's known to us in recent history. I've lost 15 (friends with AIDS). In the past four weeks, I've been to a funeral every week,'' Dickoff said. ''It's pretty devastating.''
Bergen counts 30 close friends who have died from AIDS -- an illness she says ''crosses all lines.''
''I was very moved by the script,'' Bergen said. ''I thought that it touched on a subject that deeply needs to be talked about and dealt with. Having three children of my own and knowing what it would be like to actually have that kind of a separation from one of your children, imagining what it would be like … just destroyed me.''
The film was shot in eight days in the Los Angeles area, with cast and crew working up to 18 hours each day to meet deadlines for returning donated equipment.
Proceeds from the world premiere in Boston will benefit the AIDS Action Committee of Massachusetts and fund-raisers are also planned in Los Angeles, Washington and New York.
After those showings, the film will be given to non-profit AIDS organizations for their own fund-raisers. Dickoff hopes to eventually sell the drama to television, with proceeds donated to AIDS organizations.
She may get another plus in February. The film has been submitted for Academy Award consideration in the category of short subjects-live action.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS







AIDS
COURIER-MAIL
March 11, 1987 Wednesday


Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 606 words
Byline: CLARK G
Body


8. What is the chain of events for an AIDS-infected female to transfer AIDS to an uninfected male through normal sexual contact? Receptive partners are most at risk because infected fluid stays inside them for a long time. Even with gentle sexual intercourse, tiny lesions or cuts occur and infected fluids would get into the man's penis through these lesions. In sexual contact you get circumstances very well suited to AIDS infections being passed on. 9. Can a communal sponge used on sports injuries transmit AIDS? On the basis that you need an average of two or three drops of blood, or the equivalent of two or three teaspoonsful of saliva introduced into tissue, the risks of it happening with a sponge are negligible. 10. How do you go about getting an AIDS test and how often should they be repeated? How long does it take to get the result? Tests are available from any doctor or hospital simply by asking for one. People who place themselves at risk of AIDS through sexual activity or intravenous drug use are wise to repeat the AIDS test in three to six months if the first was clear. The test results usually take about two weeks. Urgent results can be sooner. 11. Can health workers and other people get AIDS from exposure to infected saliva, tears, open sores or sweat? Out of 3000 health workers worldwide who have accidentally had injuries from contaminated blood, three have had AIDS positive results.
QNP""Needle stick" infections from AIDS are lower than for practically any other disease. Tears and sweat: It would be difficult to get dangerous quantities into the blood stream. 12. Can you get AIDS from oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex is statistically the lowest risk form of sexual behavior. Anal sex is high risk. 13. Can you get AIDS from a prostitute if you wear a condom? Wearing a condom for a single sexual encounter will reduce risks by between 80 and 90 percent. 14. Are condoms completely safe? The problem with condoms is that accidents happen: they tear or come off, or are not available when required. The wider use of condoms by people who have several affairs will slow the spread of the disease. Condoms are only part of the answer. Reduction of the number of sex partners is more important. 15. Why aren't regulations issued to isolate people with AIDS? They are only a risk if you have sex with them or share needles with them. Currently in Australia there are at least 40,000 people with AIDS infection. We don't know who most of them are and if we did, where would you put them? There are also substantial social arguments about isolating such groups. 16. Can drainers and toilet cleaners catch AIDS in their work? Not a practical risk because substantial amounts of infected semen, blood or saliva are unlikely to get into their blood stream. 17. An intensive care nurse asks: why are there no follow-up safeguards, even after intensive care patients have been found to have AIDS? Intensive care staff have to be particularly careful about needle stick injuries and there are guidelines in hospitals which staff should adher to. The question of screening staff for AIDS infection must be raised by the staff. There are no plans to forcibly screen hospital staff. 18. Can you get AIDS from animals, like a dog licking your face? No. 19. Can you catch AIDS from foreplay? If foreplay leads to vaginal or anal intercourse, that's where the danger lies. 20. Can governments be trusted to give the public the full facts about the extent of AIDS and the risks to the public? Yes. Governments cannot afford to do otherwise. The consequences of not doing so would be enormous. There's no AIDS cover up.

Graphic

 
PIC OF DR DONALD





 Dear Sir,
 I was astonished to read (Media, 2 Aug ust) that in my column in The Sun I am 'banging away' at my 'anti-gay drum'.
 I have never written anything that could possibly be interpreted as anti-gay. I have, however, consistently provided my readers with the facts about Aids.
Your article claims that Aids is steadily moving into the heterosexual population but this is simply not true. Every major published article now shows that Aids is not a major threat to heterosexuals. For example, in a paper published in the British Medical Journal earlier this year the European Study Group pointed out that 'the only sexual practice that clearly increased the risk of male to female transmission was anal intercourse . . . no other sexual practices have been associated with the risk of transmission'. The co-ordinating centre for the European Study Group was the World Health Organisation Collaborating Centre on Aids in Paris and eminent practitioners from six countries helped collect the evidence for the report.
 The available published statistics and research evidence now proves Aids is a disease which mainly threatens homosexuals and drug addicts. It is mainly transmitted through blood - and the reason why anal intecourse spreads the disease is that it is the only type of intercourse which is likely to cause bleeding.
 The truth is that by aiming the Aids campaign at heterosexuals the Government, the medical establishment and the Press have caused a considerable amount of unnecessary distress and confusion. Recently, experts from the District Aids Counselling Unit of the Royal Free Hospital in London admitted that 'in some clinical situations the 'worried well' may represent as much as a half of the total workload of a clinically based Aids counselling unit'.
 Your article has simply helped to perpetuate a long standing myth - that Aids is a threat to heterosexuals. It is also rather sad that the writer should feel it necessary to dishonestly accuse me of being 'anti-gay' simply because I have consistently told my readers the truth about the disease.
 Yours,
 Dr VERNON COLEMAN
 The Sun
 London, E1
 Letters Page 21





WASHINGTON, July 27 /PRN/ -- Today in Washington a
coalition of more than 140 national organizations known as the
National Organizations Responding to AIDS (NORA) marked the 100,000
cases of AIDS diagnosed in the United States and called upon
President Bush, the Congress and fellow citizens for decisive action
toward curbing the epidemic.
    "We are here today to commemorate those who have died and to
renew our commitment to those living with HIV and AIDS.  We are here
to focus attention on the devastation of our public health
structures in the face of a burden that will double almost
overnight.  We are here to call on our government to exert the
leadership that has been missing throughout the first decade of
HIV," said Jean McGuire, chair of the NORA coalition.
  Noting that the first 100,000 AIDS cases developed over an
eight-year period, McGuire warned that this number will most likely
double over the next 15 months and could quadruple by the end of
1991.  She continued, "The unfortunate complacency that has been
growing around AIDS must be shattered by the projections of human
and economic devastation that are upon us."
    According to Chai Feldblum, American Civil Liberties Union:  "If
there has been one unanimous recommendation from every scientific,
public health and advocacy group, it has been the need for
anti-discrimination protections for people with HIV infection.  It
must be a top priority for Congress and the president to move
forward the Americans with Disabilities Act this year."
    Donna Richardson, American Nurses' Association, commented:
"With 100,000 cases of AIDS diagnosed, America must face its moral
responsibility to assure access to care for citizens in need.  There
is an opportunity, through the tragedy of AIDS, to reform our
nation's health care and social service systems -- the time for
action is now."
    Representing the National Association of People with AIDS, Mike
Meridian stated, "The number 100,000 is certainly overwhelming, but
we must avoid being paralyzed by the enormity of the tragedy and
think instead of the men, women and children behind the statistics
and how we must assure the best that America has to offer."
    The NORA coalition issued three major priorities for action:
(1) passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act, (2) the financing
of early treatment interventions, and (3) the beginning of
aggressive health care delivery and financing planning.  "We must
act now if we are going to avoid untold devastation in our public
health systems," stated McGuire.
    The National Organization Responding to AIDS is a coalition of
over 140 national groups representing the medical, mental health,
public health, legal, education and social service professions; the
religious, civil rights, labor, gay and lesbian communities; People
with AIDS and the organizations that serve them.
CONTACT -- Jean McGuire, chair, National Organizations Responding
to AIDS, 202-293-2886


End of Document
Page  of 
''Aid for AIDS'' telethon rock concert planned







''Aid for AIDS'' telethon rock concert planned
United Press International
September 17, 1985, Tuesday, AM cycle


Copyright 1985 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 442 words
Byline: By STAN W. METZLER
Dateline: LOS ANGELES
Body


Organizers of a new entertainment industry anti-AIDS committee Tuesday announced a major rock concert and telethon, billed ''Aid for AIDS,'' to raise money to find a cure for the deadly disease.
Definite plans for the event were not disclosed, but a spokeswoman said the concert is tentatively scheduled for March in the Los Angeles Coliseum and may be televised nationwide.
''It will be a rock concert with a lot of other celebrities interspersed with the music,'' said Marilyn Sharon, an independent producer who is heading up a talent search for the concert.
''It will be on the scale of Live Aid, with many major music stars, and I think it definitely will generate a lot of dollars,'' she said.
Actor Brian Patrick Clarke, who portrays Dr. Grant Andrews on the ''General Hospital'' television soap opera, joined the news conference, saying he represents those in ''Middle America'' who desperately want to see the AIDS threat end.
Clarke noted that AIDS ''is not just the gay community's problem, it's not just a gay disease.''
He then added, ''But even if it were exclusive to the gay comunity, that's a considerable faction of our society and a considerable portion of mankind as a whole, and I think it's very important that we recognize the fact that there is a need for the research and ultimately, hopefully, for a cure.''
Also attending was Tom Procter, who billed himself as ''the token person with AIDS on this committee,'' and said he represents those suffering from the disease who have not given up hope.
Procter said he had been diagnosed as having the deadly disease for about a year and insisted, ''Currently, I'm doing fine healthwise.''
He said the money raised will be used both to support people with the illness and to pay for worldwide research into the cause of the disease.
''AIDS is a human problem,'' he added. ''We can lick this thing if we work together.''
Organizers said another goal of the committee is to finance two residential communities, one in California and one on the East Coast, offering full medical and social services for people with AIDS ''who don't have anyplace else to go.''
A spokeswoman for the Coliseum said the committee had been involved in discussions with the facility -- the main stadium for the 1984 Olympics -- but no dates had been set.
Plans for the concert were announced just two days before a gala fund-raising dinner that will boast a line-up of major Hollywood stars headed by Elizabeth Taylor, Diahann Carroll, Burt Lancaster, Shirley MacLaine, Bette Midler and Burt Reynolds.
The dinner is expected to raise $1 million for AIDS Project Los Angeles, which provides social services for disease victims.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS







AIDS
COURIER-MAIL
March 11, 1987 Wednesday


Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 316 words
Byline: CLARK G
Body


21. Can AIDS be contracted from swimming pools? No, filtration, chlorination and dilution by large amounts of water all make this not a practical problem. 22. Are people giving blood in Queensland screened for diseases? Yes. The diseases include AIDS, Hepatitis B, malaria and syphillis. 23. Can AIDS be picked up from disposed condoms? Only if the fluid is injected into somebody's blood stream. AIDS is a very fragile virus and is killed by water at 56 deg. C for four minutes. It is killed by household detergent, by 30 percent alcohol, by methylated spirits on the outside of the body. It can survive in blood and in semen for a number of hours (outside the body). 24. Are adopted children tested for AIDS? The Health Department has been asked for advice by officers of the Department of Childrens Services. 25. Should it become compulsory for people to be AIDS-tested before marriage, to prevent babies being born with AIDS? That is a social question, not a medical one. It would be decided by elected governments. Historically, the precedent has been set, particularly in some US States, where a certificate was needed prior to marriage to show someone was free of syphillis. 26. What is the onus on volunteer organisations to inform workers if they should come into contact with AIDS sufferers? If the worker is performing some sort of treatment and may risk a needle stick injury, there is a case for staff to be informed.
QNPAgain, AIDS is transmitted primarily by sexual intercourse or intravenous drug use. In advanced AIDS patients, there is not enough production of the virus to make the person infectious. However, people coming into contact with an AIDS sufferer's body wastes or fluids can risk other infections, such as tuberculosis and various forms of gut infection. 27. Can you get AIDS from mouth-to-mouth resuscitation? The answer's the same as for kissing: almost impossible.

Graphic

 
PIC OF DR DONALD





A gay patient and a gay male nurse - live-in lovers - have complained to the Health Minister, Mr White, about the handling of their AIDS tests by the Alfred Hospital.
 The case was a "tragedy of errors" and "broke every rule in the book" for AIDS testing and post-test counselling, according to one medical source.
 The men claim the hospital breached confidentiality and informed consent practices after both were AIDS tested and found to be positive.
The patient had been admitted for surgery and was tested for AIDS.He was AIDS positive. Then his partner (the male nurse) was tested and found to be positive. A doctor told the gay nurse to give the test results to his partner, the patient.
 "They were a complete mess and spent the next two weeks in pure misery," one source said. "They lived in isolation from the gay community and didn't know where to seek help." They went to the Peter Knight Centre, a gay men's health clinic in Collingwood, where they told their story to health workers there.
 Counsellors at the Peter Knight Centre reportedly were "ropeable" and helped the men prepare their complaint to the health department and Minister.
 The case has been a poorly kept secret around the hospital in the past three weeks and has distressed doctors and nurses who have taken care to follow proper procedures in AIDS testing and counselling.
 A senior government source familiar with the case said: "If the allegations are true, the disregard for these men is absolutely disgraceful." Another source suggested the government may have to send a task force of AIDS educators to the hospital.
 "This type of scenario must never happen again," the source said.
 President of Australian Federation of AIDS Organisations, Dr David Plummer, said the problem had been due more to the actions of several staff rather than an error with the hospital's AIDS policy.
 "Their action has to be condemned as not being in the best interests of these men or the community," Dr Plummer said.
 A spokesman for the Health Minister said Mr White had received the complaint and was aware of the allegations.
 "We're investigating the case in conjunction with the Alfred Hospital and are keen to find out what happened," the spokesman said."Until our investigations are complete, we won't be able to say anything more."
 END OF STORY





The Federal Government's commitment to controlling AIDS had been seriously eroded by the Budget, according to AIDS organisations disappointed with a funding increase of about 40 per cent.
While the rise seemed large at face value, much of the $59.6 million spent this year will go towards costly treatment, leaving inadequate resources for education and research, said the executive director of the AIDS Council of NSW, Mr Bill Whittaker.
"When you analyse it, about $21.9 million of the total budget is taken up with AZT and other treatments," he said.
"That leaves only $12.9 million each for preventive education and research. The council has been calling for at least $2 a head for education, and experts in the field wrote an open letter to the Prime Minister calling for a minimum of $85 million for AIDS.
"This figure falls far below that and is very disappointing," the AIDS Council executive director said.
"Our real weapon is preventive education, and there's just not enough money there to fund education programs reaching those at high risk."
Mr Whittaker said the need was particularly great in NSW, which had 70 per cent of the Australians infected with HIV.
The president of the Australian Federation of AIDS Organisations, Dr David Plummer, said the politicisation of AIDS seemed to be responsible for a lack o commitment at a time when the epidemic was at a crossroads.
The number of new cases was accelerating and the Budget increase would barely keep up with the cost of treatment and care, he said.
The core budget for the federation had not increased from last year's allocation of $500,000 and it would now be forced to lobby charities for funds, Mr Plummer said.
However, a spokesman for the Australian National Council on AIDS said it was "grateful" for the extra funds and that the Government did appear to recognise that AIDS was a priority in times of economic stringency.





The AIDS information explosion is sometimes so overwhelming, very useful information never reaches people who may seriously need it.
Publishing AIDS research and new knowledge is expensive and reaches only a select few. Likewise, the everyday person is limited in sharing their AIDS-related experiences, personal research and resources that they have found.
A new services called CAINPRESS allows anyone to share relevant information with one of the largest computerized AIDS information services in the nation. CAINPRESS is an important link between the consumer and mainstream AIDS intervention programs.
CAINPRESS is provided free by the Computerized AIDS Information Network, also known as CAIN. CAIN is one of the largest AIDS communication and information systems in the nation.
Anyone who has access to a computer, modem and a telephone are encouraged to use the CAINPRESS service, which allows them to share their AIDS information with the rest of the world.
CAIN sends and receives AIDS information from over 850 organizations and individuals around the country and throughout the world. Health departments, major universities, medical centers, charity organizations and individuals who use the system are ''members'' of CAIN and pay a nominal charge to use the CAIN system.
The new service, CAINPRESS, allows non-members who are on the cutting-edge of AIDS to share their information.
''We think of this new service as an electronic press release,'' said Russ Toth, director of CAIN. Individuals can share exciting new information that they run across and wish to share with other people or other organizations. This type of system allows street-acquired knowledge and first-hand experience to make its way into the AIDS prevention and health care system.
''We encourage anyone to submit any information related to AIDS,'' said Toth. ''The goal of CAIN is to share and exchange AIDS information, and to get the message out.''
CAINPRESS and CAIN are part of the DELPHI Network and may be accessed by dialing a local telephone number.
To access the CAINPRESS service:
1) Have your computer, dial 213/937-3580, to connect with the
Delphi Network;
2) When connected, press the enter key three times until you get
an @ sign;
3) At the @ sign, type C DELPHI and press the enter key;
4) At username, type CAINPRESS and press the enter key;
5) Read the instructions, which will prompt you to type your
subject, your name and address, your phone number (optional),
and then type your message or text. When you have finished,
hold down the control key (CTRL) and type the letter Z. This
will send your message to CAIN.
Once on the system, you may type /H if you need help.
All submissions are reviewed and then formatted for the CAIN system. The information is then available on CAIN within a matter of hours.
For more information on ''CAINPRESS'' or about the Computerized AIDS Information Network, call CAIN's support personnel at 213/854-3006. CAIN is funded by a grant from the State of California, Office of AIDS, and by donations. The program is administrated through the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Community Services Center.
NOTE TO EDITORS: Editors outside of the Los Angeles metropolitan area may wish to incorporate a local telephone access number for their particular geographic area. To obtain the local (toll-free) access number, call the CAIN office at 213/854-3006.
CONTACT: Computerized AIDS Information Network, Los Angeles
            Drew Di Giovanni, 213/854-3006
            KEYWORD: CALIFORNIA             


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS testing







AIDS testing
The Advertiser
January 11, 1988 Monday


Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 235 words
Body


MR D. O. Crompton of North Adelaide is quite correct in comparing the current AIDS epidemic with that of the plagues of the 13th century.
 His suggestions regarding compulsory blood testing for "appropriate groups" may help somewhat with the IV drug users (like closing the gate after the horse has bolted) but would do little to curtail homosexual transmissions.
No doubt promiscuous, passive male gays are the highest risk group, but how does one assess or group a passive male who dabbles intermittently in casual homosexual activities?
 As a professed heterosexual with latent homosexual tendencies, I am aware that Adelaide is unique in the Australian gay scene. We don't have gay beaches; the baths, saunas and gyms are nothing special, and we don't boast the biggest or the best gay bars and discos. Adelaide is renowned for its bogs and beats those public toilets and places where, hopefully, one can run into someone with similar interests.
 Surprisingly, a large number of self-confessed gays frown on such places, and "wouldn't be seen dead in a place like that". Not so for Adelaide's sexually frustrated males (often happily and respectably married with wife and children) who outwardly appear and profess to be heterosexual but require on occasions a male homosexual dalliance.
 Perhaps Mr Crompton could suggest the mechanics of listing such a group for his compulsory blood test.
P. CLARKE, Walkerville.





Scientists at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control have discovered what could turn out to be a new weapon to combat the spread of AIDS, the deadly infection that has claimed 3,921 lives since 1979. The spermicide nonoxynol-9, a common ingredient in most widely available contraceptive creams and gels, was found in laboratory experiments to have a dramatic effect on the sexually transmitted AIDS virus.
Even at very low concentrations, the researchers report, nonoxynol-9 kills the virus in about 30 seconds. "This opens the possibility that the spermicide might also be effective in real life," says CDC virologist Dr. Donald Francis, "but to move from the lab to the human body is a big step."
Bruce Voeller, a biochemist and physiologist who heads the Mariposa Foundation, a research and educational group which collaborated with the CDC experiments, is nevertheless cautiously optimistic about the new finding. "No one should take this as a license to start having multiple sex partners again," he warns. But Voeller, a former director of the National Gay Task Force, urges anyone who might be at risk for getting or transmitting AIDS during sex to use a cream or jelly containing no less than a 5 percent concentration of nonoxynol-9, in combination with a condom. Such precautions, he maintains, may at least "put some brakes" on the rapidly growing AIDS epidemic.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS Victim Rips President, Federal Government on AIDS Response







AIDS Victim Rips President, Federal Government on AIDS Response
The Associated Press
September 13, 1985, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1985 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 707 words
Byline: By KIM MILLS, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


A 39-year-old AIDS victim made an emotional plea at a congressional hearing Friday, asking President Reagan to personally launch a public education campaign on the deadly disease.
"I beg my president to care. I beg my president to be moved. I beg my president to act," said Victor Bender of Manhattan, a former guide on Circle Line sightseeing cruises. He was diagnosed in January as having AIDS.
Bender said he held the federal government responsible for a lack of AIDS education, and said Reagan should do public service announcements to dispel the belief that the disease could be spread by casual contact.
But he indicated he did not expect his plea to be heeded.
"There is one man residing in Washington, at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, who to my knowledge has never once mentioned the word AIDS in public," he said.
Bender was joined by numerous physicians, gay activists and others at the hearing chaired by Rep. Ted Weiss, D-N.Y., a member of the House subcommittee on intergovernmental relations. All said the government was doing too little about AIDS, either in research or education.
The disease, acquired immune deficiency syndrome, attacks the body's ability to fight off disease. AIDS is most likely to strike male homosexuals, abusers of injectable drugs and hemophiliacs.
AIDS has struck 13,074 people in this country; 6,611 have died.
A camera crew from the local CBS station, WCBS, refused to be present during Bender's testimony. Soundman Boris Grgurovic and cameraman Frank Viskup were replaced, said spokeswoman Jennifer Geertz.
"The crew members did not know there would be an AIDS victim present and no one is forced to do anything if they feel that being in close proximity is dangerous. We respect their choice not to cover their story," Ms. Geertz said.
Bender criticized those who want to bar a New York City child with AIDS from public schools. "He could spit in their face and they couldn't get it from him," he said, while "he could catch anything from those other children."
In a court session in Queens involving that case, an expert on AIDS in children testified Friday that he does not think the disease can be transmitted casually, but that it still may be dangerous to both infected and healthy children to mix them secretly in a classroom.
Dr. Arye Rubinstein was the second physician to testify at a state Supreme Court hearing on the effort to force the city to remove the AIDS child from a school somewhere in the city. Neither the child nor the school has been identified.
Rubenstein said such an unknown AIDS child would endanger "to some extent" the other students and that they might endanger the AIDS child.
"I'd like to know whether other people in the class have chicken pox or some other infection that might endanger the (AIDS) child," he said.
At the hearing, Sara Mercado was among several in the room who cried during Bender's testimony. Her 36-year-old son Willie died of the disease, and she recalled having to clean him and remove his garbage because hospital staff wouldn't do it.
She told the panel that some hospital personnel refused to touch him or bring his meals. Others were not aware of his serious condition; in flipping him to change the linens, a nurse brought on an epileptic attack, she said.
"An AIDS person suffers much more than any other person suffering any other disease, even cancer," she said.
Both Bender and Mrs. Mercado noted the expense of AIDS treatment. Bender said his medical bills total $50,000; Mrs. Mercado said the last three months of her son's treatment cost $90,000.
Physicians testified that because the federal government was not devoting sufficient funds for large-scale testing of drugs to combat AIDS, desperate victims are going to South America and France for experimental drugs.
"Since AIDS will probably kill more young Americans in the next five years than the Vietnam War killed in a decade, I believe this administration is guilty of neglecting our most important national resource, the health of our people," said Daniel C. William, a Manhattan internist who works at AIDS clinic at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital.
Gay and civil rights groups also supported a federal gay civil rights bill to protect homosexuals from discrimination as a result of fears of AIDS.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS Notebook







AIDS Notebook
The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)
July 13, 1987, Monday,
ALL EDITION


Copyright 1987 Financial Post Ltd.
Section: SECTION 1, INSIDE BUSINESS; Pg. 11; NEWS
Length: 1319 words
Body


  AN EPIDEMIC? The expected total number of Canadian AIDS patients by 1991 (5,000-7,000) is far less than those suffering from hepatitis B (10,000 cases a year), and tobacco-related diseases (36,000 a year), and little more than the annual number of traffic fatalities (4,009).
 However, this 1991 forecast indicates an almost 700% increase from mid-1987, which augurs badly for the final decade of the century.
 Canada has 39.4 AIDS patients per million population, ranking sixth in the world, behind the U.S. (140.3), Haiti (120.8), Congo (147.1), Rwanda (117.5) and Uganda (49.7).
 Canadian patients are mainly homosexual males between 20 and 50 years of age living mostly in Ontario, Quebec and British Columbia. Intravenous drug abusers represent only 4% of cases in Canada, much lower than in the U.S.
 Ontario has the highest number of cases in Canada (377 at May 4) but British Columbia has the highest rate per million population at 75, compared to Ontario's 41.5.
Wildcard: The number of people carrying the AIDS virus in Canada is believed to be 50-100 times the number diagnosed with the disease. That would place the number of carriers today at up to 100,000. Some experts believe most carriers will eventually contract the disease. If that is correct, cost estimates may be low.
 CONDOMS: Heavy reliance is being placed on condoms in preventing the spread of AIDS.
 However, Jack Layton, chairman of Toronto Board of Health, says prophylactics have a failure rate of up to 30% in preventing pregnancy - and it's much easier to catch AIDS than to get pregnant. Layton says condoms made of natural materials do not prevent transmission of the virus and should be taken off the market. Also, a Canadian manufacturer recently had to recall large numbers of condoms because they leaked.
 Wildcard: The success or failure of widespread condom use in preventing the spread of AIDS.
 PROVINCES: The cost to each province will depend on the AIDS caseload. Prince Edward Island had no cases at last report. Newfoundland had only one. However, some experts predict the AIDS-cost-burden in Ontario hospitals could be about $100 million in 1991. (Ontario's 1987 budget for health-care spending is $8.9 billion.) Add to that the costs of physicians' services, drugs, and so on.
 Chronic care could be another provincial cost. Casey House, a hospice for people with AIDS, will open in Toronto in October. The building cost the Ontario government $1 million. A further $500,000 came from charitable donations. Most operating funds will be supplied by Ontario.
 Wildcard: Widespread testing would introduce major new costs. So would widespread use of expensive drugs such as AZT, which costs $10,000 per patient per year.
 HOSPITALS: Toronto General Hospital expects to incur a deficit of about $574,125 a year on AIDS patients. That's how much the patients cost above the Ontario government allowance for average patients. This AIDS deficit is not yet serious: only about 0.3% of the hospital budget of $192 million a year.
 Wildcard: Changing behavior of the AIDS virus. Mental disorders, which used to be an end symptom, are now starting to show up when the disease first appears. Patients with dementia could require hospitalization care.
 TGH has five or six AIDS patients at any one time. If this number rose on a regular basis to 30, the deficit would become serious, officials say, and some other patients would have to be excluded from the hospital. MUNICIPALITIES: On May 5, Layton recommended Toronto set up a 32-person AIDS team at an annual cost of $2.1 million. The team would provide nursing advice, a testing clinic, funds for support groups, and the services of an epidemiologist. Since then, the Toronto Board of Health has recommended a three-year $11-million scheme which incorporates and extends Layton's. The scheme will be considered by city council July 13.
 Wildcard: The city of Toronto anticipates at least 290 AIDS cases by yearend and estimates 10,000-30,000 residents are already carriers of the virus. If most of these carriers eventually catch AIDS, and become destitute, welfare costs for the city and the province could rise by $100 million over several years.
 LIFE INSURANCE: AIDS is one of the few diseases of which the inevitable outcome is death. The industry is defending itself by screening out AIDS carriers through mandatory testing before policies are issued.
 However, such testing may not be entirely effective. For a short period after infection, carriers do not test positive. Moreover, once a policy is issued, the company will not know whether the policyholder has since contracted AIDS. The idea of a policy waiver that would withhold payment on death from the disease has not gained much support in the industry.
 Michael Cowell, vice-president, State Mutual Life Assurance Co., Worcester, Mass., calculates that $2.3 billion worth of the life insurance now in force in Canada is held by people carrying the AIDS virus. That's 0.6% of all life insurance in effect for males aged 20-59. This is likely to produce a 6% increase in payouts in the years leading up to 1999, an increase that will have to be borne by policyholders. However, Canadian life expectancy has been increasing (which reduces insurance costs) and that will reduce the AIDS burden to policyholders.
 Wildcard: Canadian human rights codes prevent discrimination against handicapped people, including people with AIDS. However, The Ontario Human Rights Code (which is typical) exempts insurance companies when acting ''on reasonable and bona fide grounds,'' allowing them to exclude people with handicaps which substantially increase the risk to the insurer. If this exception were challenged and overturned by the courts, which is unlikely, insurance companies would not be able to defend themselves with mandatory AIDS testing.
 DISABILITY INSURANCE: Claims by AIDS patients are not likely to prove onerous as long as the time from diagnosis to death averages 18 months. Most policies pay out about 50% of earnings, which in many cases would involve lifetime payments of about $20,000.
 Wildcard: However, R.L. Williamson, vice-president, Crown Life Insurance Co., Toronto, told The Post, ''Costs could rise dramatically if the medical profession succeeds in keeping AIDS patients alive for 10 years.''
 The insurance industry may also have a problem if young, gay men recognize their vulnerability and start taking out insurance in large numbers before they test positive for the virus.
 CANADIAN RED CROSS: The cost of screening blood for AIDS is more than $2 million a year and rising. The Red Cross uses 1.3 million test kits (at $1.50-$2 a kit). It must also keep small samples of each donor's blood for reference.
 Extra staff have been hired at blood clinics to counsel high-risk donors. In some cases, high-risk individuals may feel obliged to give blood (or reveal he is a homosexual) if the session has been organized by their employers. Confidential forms are provided to permit such donors to indicate privately their blood should be withdrawn.
 The Red Cross has learned a lot about transmission of diseases through blood. Dr. John Derrick, director of the Red Cross AIDS project, says, ''Blood is now safer than it has ever been.''
 Wildcard: An infected person may not develop detectable antibodies for up to six weeks, and contaminated blood could be used in a transfusion. Chances are less than 1:1 million, officials say, and there are about 300,000 transfusions a year.
 However, the rare victims could mount expensive lawsuits. Legal actions are already in the works from people who allegedly received contaminated blood before testing started.
 When the AIDS scare began, the Red Cross was unable to renew its insurance coverage. It now has insurance, but at a ''significant'' increase in cost.





AIDS SCARE HITS GAY PAPER By DENNIS WATT The killer disease AIDS could soon cause a communication breakdown in Brisbane's gay community.
The monthly gay publication ""Word Is Out", which relies heavily on advertising from gay bars to cover costs, is facing a financial crisis.
QNP
In its August editorial, the magazine complained that advertising from these bars had fallen away because business had declined.
Fear of contracting AIDS had been keeping homosexuals away from the bars.Loss A decline in advertising meant that the past few issues of the magazine had been put out at a loss, although ""the situation was not yet desperate".
The magazine reported that as a cost-cutting measure it had cut its print run from 1000 to 800 issues.
A mailing list also had been pruned to about 120 people, about 100 of whom were paid subscribers.
Only one Valley hotel, which operates a lesbian bar, complete with disco and video show, is advertised in the current 20-page issue.
Other advertisers were an ice cream parlor, two cafes, and a picture framing business.
The magazine suggests that revenue from subscriptions could be supplemented by regular fund-raising ventures, such as raffles and other special events.Social functions ""Word Is Out" also carries a guide to gay social functions and venues in Brisbane.
The magazine complained that male bar patrons rarely attended these functions.
The editorial ended with an appeal for more subscribers.





A battlefield. Wounded soldiers look to comrades for blood transfusions. Should the medics check donors for AIDS virus? If the blood is tainted, should they use it to save lives now and risk deadly infection later?
A nuclear weapons depot. A valued officer shows symptoms of AIDS. Does the diagnosis mean the man is homosexual, an anathema in the military? Does the doctor report his findings to the man's superiors?
These are some questions facing military leaders as fears grow about the threat of acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
The Defense Department announced late last month that the 320,000 recruits who enter the military each year will have their blood tested for the disease. Those who show signs of AIDS would be rejected.
The announcement came before the Armed Forces Epidemiological Board, a panel of civilian medical experts, completed a study on ways to prevent AIDS in the military.
"It was thought that because of the growing threat and spread of this disease that any initiative we can take is prudent and sound medical judgment,' said Julian Barber, an assistant to the assistant secretary for Health Affairs at the Pentagon.
Eighty-nine members of the military and 28 dependents have been diagnosed with AIDS since 1981, the year the medical community first took notice of the frightening sickness that cripples the body's immune system.
At least 36 of those military victims have died.
These cases represent only a fraction of the 2.2 million men and women in uniform and the 12,932 cases of AIDS reported nationally, but Dr. Edmund Tramont, an Army colonel and and expert in infectious diseases at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, predicts that more than 1,000 military personnel and their dependents will show signs of AIDS next year.
A major concern is contamination of the military blood supply. While blood can be tested for AIDS antibodies, the tests are not conclusive. In war, there's no time to test.
"If the balloon goes up and we are in battle somewhere, everybody in uniform is a potential blood bank," said Tramont.
Indications that AIDS, which has been primarily identified with homosexuals and drug abusers, is crossing over to the general population have increased concern in the military, where venereal disease is already six times more prevalent than in the public at large.
One study of military personnel with AIDS found that most probably contracted the disease through heterosexual activities, possibly through prostitutes. There were indications that more than half the infected servicemen and women may have passed the disease to their spouses.
The continuing connection between AIDS and homosexuals brings the military's ban on homosexuals into conflict with the confidentiality of the physician-patient relationship.
Gay rights groups complain that testing recruits for AIDS antibodies could be used to weed out homosexuals.
"We've always been concerned that the test would be misused as a marker for homosexuality," said Ron Najman, a spokesman for the National Gay Task Force.
Military officials counter that recruits are also tested for other medical problems such as sickle cell anemia and measles.
"We don't make assumptions about the lifestyles connected with the disease," said Patti Turner, a spokeswoman for the Air Force Surgeon General's office.
However, the military has acted against AIDS victims.
Petty Officer 3rd Class Byron Kinney had served for seven years when doctors on Okinawa found he was suffering from AIDS. He admitted to doctors that he was a homosexual.
"Byron, realizing he was sick and needed treatment, told the truth," said his attorney, Tom Homann. "He thought it would be between him and his doctor."
The information made its way to Navy officials, however, who want to sever Kinney from the service and its medical benefits. Kinney, now in a San Diego Naval hospital, is fighting for a medical discharge.
The case is in federal court, where it may set a precedent. Military officials, however, say they cannot always honor doctor-patient relationships.
"If a person has an active infectious disease and is living in close proximity with others, the services feel it is certainly appropriate that the man's superiors know this," said Barber.
He denied the military was punishing AIDS victims.
"If a person admits he has engaged in homosexual conduct, that is a violation of the miltary code and the person will be discharged," he said. "We do not discharge people because they have contract AIDS. We do because they are homosexual."


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS Activists Will Import AIDS Drug







AIDS Activists Will Import AIDS Drug
The Associated Press
September 26, 1989, Tuesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1989 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 589 words
Byline: By GARY LANGER, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


An AIDS patient advocacy group says it will import a widely prescribed AIDS drug because the U.S. manufacturer is overcharging for it, an accusation the company strongly denies.
"Today we fight business with business," Derek Hodel, director of the People With AIDS Health Group, said Monday. He charged that the drug, pentamidine, is priced now for "the privileged few."
Hodel said his organization, a self-described "guerrilla drugstore," is arranging purchases of pentamidine in England at less than half the U.S. price. The group hopes to pressure the American maker to lower its price here.
A spokesman for the U.S. manufacturer, Lyphomed Inc. of Rosemont, Ill., said its price was appropriate given what the company spent on research, and said importation of the drug probably violates federal law.
PWA Health Group maintained its action is legal.
The Food and Drug Administration is investigating, a spokesman said.
AIDS cripples the body's defenses against disease. There is no cure, but some drugs have been shown to help AIDS patients live longer. One of the best known, AZT, has also been the focus of criticism from AIDS activists who say it is overpriced.
Pentamidine, inhaled as an aerosol, helps ward off a form of pneumonia that is the leading cause of death for AIDS patients.
Lyphomed sells monthly doses wholesale for $$99.45, and pharmacies mark that up to $$105 and more. In Europe, a version produced by a French company, Rhone-Poulenc, sells for about $$30 per monthly dose retail. PWA Health Group said it can fill U.S. prescriptions abroad at a retail cost of $$40 per dose, including handling.
Lyphomed spokesman Stuart Fischer said the drug is profitable, but he would not give figures. He said the company spent $$20 million testing it and developing the procedure by which it is inhaled rather than injected.
No other manufacturer was willing to do that, he said.
"When the chips were down, Lyphomed was there," Fischer said. "Yes, the drug is profitable. But we are not profiteers."
He said Lyphomed agreed to research pentamidine in the early 1980s when the FDA, concerned about erratic supply, sought a U.S. manufacturer. The FDA granted Lyphomed an exclusive license for seven years beginning in 1984.
Dr. Bernard Bihari, an AIDS specialist who joined the PWA Health Group at its announcement, called Lyphomed's price for the drug unconscionable.
"It's a wonderful treatment, a very effective one - a lifesaving treatment," Bihari said. "And for anything to interfere with the availability of that lifesaving treatment is unacceptable."
PWA Health Group chiefly helps AIDS patients buy personal supplies of prescription drugs that are legal abroad but not licensed for sale in this country. Such purchases are allowed by the FDA so long as the drugs are not bogus or dangerous.
The group helps fill prescriptions for several hundred people, mostly in the New York metropolitan area, with sales of about $$1 million last year.
The importation of pentamidine is the first case in which the group has imported a drug that is already sold here.
PWA Health Group said virtually everyone diagnosed with AIDS may be put on pentamidine at some point to help prevent pneumonia. The group said it hopes to to supply the drug to several thousand people, mostly in the metropolitan area.
Federal authorities report that more than 100,000 people have been diagnosed with AIDS in the United States, about 40,000 of whom are still alive. They estimate that more than 250,000 people will have been diagnosed with AIDS by the end of 1991.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS carriers







AIDS carriers
The Advertiser
August 26, 1986 Tuesday


Copyright 1986 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 317 words
Body


SIR - I am sorry that The Advertiser (17/8/86) saw fit to give front-page prominence to the call by an obscure German doctor for the tattooing of people with AIDS and potential AIDS carriers. It was a regrettable departure from your usual responsibility and good sense on this issue.
 Did the man in charge on Sunday night merely fail to notice that this nasty little proposal affects human beings, some of them stricken with a long, drawn-out fatal illness? Or was it simply a deep-seated assumption that AIDS sufferers are "only" gays or intravenous drug users, so that it does not matter what sort of cranky and repulsive rubbish you print about them?
Of course the spread of AIDS must be halted, but not by demeaning those unfortunate enough to have contracted the disease. If that is allowed to happen, a blow will have been struck to the fundamental decency and humanity of our society from which it will take far longer to recover than it will from AIDS itself.
 We must realise two things. First, that anyone, whatever their sexual preference, is capable of transmitting AIDS through sexual contact. This is clearly demonstrated by a growing body of evidence from Africa and the US. We are fooling ourselves if we think that AIDS can strike only at "outsider" groups such as gays. Potentially, we are all AIDS sufferers. Second, that AIDS is a sexually transmitted disease which people need fear only if they ignore the requirements of safe sex - the use of condoms and avoidance of the exchange of bodily fluids
- in situations where common sense indicates their appropriateness.
 In short, this is a call for a more compassionate attitude to people with AIDS than your Monday edition demonstrated, one based on a better understanding of what AIDS really is. In this educational struggle, The Advertiser has played an exemplary role in the past. It would be a pity if the lure of cheap sensationalism





In April 1984, then-Secretary of Health and Human Services Margaret M. Heckler announced that federal scientists had isolated the virus that causes the deadly acquired immune deficiency syndrome and predicted the development of a vaccine within two years.
But politics and science are both uncertain endeavors.  Nearly two-and-a-half years later, Heckler is gone, and so is the early optimism about an AIDS vaccine.  Federal health officials and scientists now say that a vaccine for general use is probably still at least 10 years away.  And although the federal government recently launched clinical trials of a handful of experimental drugs that may hold promise of inhibiting hte spread of the virus within the body, federal health officials say they don't expect a "cure" for AIDS for several years.
Having dismissed quarantine measures early on as being unfeasible, ineffectual and fraught with potential civil liberties concerns, public health officials are now confronted with the prospect that their only real defense against the spread of this deadly, communicable disease, is to persuade millions of people to change their most intimate social behavior.  The Public Health Service (PHS), which has created an executive task force on AIDS, said last fall that getting high-risk individuals to change certain behavior "is currently the only mechanism available to prevent infection."
Specifically, the PHS has recommended that individuals limit the number of their sexual partners, avoid sex with those exposed to the virus or those thought to have been exposed, avoid open-mouthed, intimate kissing, use condoms and otherwise avoid contact with a partner's body fluids, principally semen and blood.  Intravenous (IV) drug users have been warned not to share needles with others.
The stakes are high: As many as 1.5 million Americans may have already been exposed to the AIDs virus, and by 1991, a quarter of a million Americans are expected to have contracted AIDS while 179,000 will have died from the disease (more than triple the number of American troops killed in the Vietnam war), according to the PHS.  The cost to the nation of direct health care for those victims will range from $ 8 billion-$ 16 billion, the agency says.
To have any chance of success at preventing the spread of the disease, say public health experts, the nation must mount a massive public education effort, directed not only at high-risk groups such as homosexuals and IV drug abusers, but also at the general population.  "Broad-scale prevention and control activities, emphasizing educational and information exchange, must begin," said the PHS Executive Task Force last fall.  And while private groups and states already play a key role in AIDS education efforts, they say, more federal leadership and money are needed.  "It's generally agreed that the great gaping hole is education for prevention," said June E. Osborn, dean of the University of Michigan School of Public Health.
Although there are signs that federal health officials are trying to move education and prevention efforts into higher gear, their efforts face daunting obstacles.  The Reagan Administration has been consistently reluctant to ask for money for federal AIDS programs.  And public discussion about the disease forces society to confront traditionally taboo subjects such as homosexuality, adolescent and premarital sex and drug abuse.  "AIDS has economics, politics and moralism wrapped up in one tiny virus," Osborn said.
Even if these barriers could be overcome, no one is sure how effective public education would be in getting people to change their behavior.Prior large-scale public education efforts involving health issues have had mixed results.  Some experts say that the deadly nature of the disease could make AIDS education efforts more successful.  And they say the nation can't afford not to try.  "We're playing a dangerous game with time," said Gary B. MacDonald, executive director of the AIDS Action Council, a Washington advocacy group.  "Every day you don't have an all-out approach, you mortgage the nation's ability to cope with the crisis."
DELAYS
Federal recognition of the need for education on AIDS prevention has been slow in coming, many nongovernmental experts say.  "It has taken an enormous amount of work to get [the federal government] to realize education is the only way to deal with the problem," MacDonald said.  Until fiscal 1984 -- nearly three years after AIDS was recognized -- the PHS still had no money for AIDS education and risk reduction efforts.  And the money it got that year, $ 1.4 million, was less than 3 per cent of over-all federal AIDS funds.
The lack of money, critics say, is partially a reflection of the Administration's unwillingness to request any new funds for AIDS efforts.  "The fact that the first group hit the hardest was gay men has made a difference," said Rep. Henry A. Waxman, D-Calif., who as chairman of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health and the Environment has held several hearings on AIDS.  "I've always said if it were members of the Chamber of Commerce who were hit, [the Administration] would be marching up and down about it."
But critics argue that the delay also reflects public education's status as a stepchild in the medical and scientific communities. "There's a very strong bias against education in the biomedical community, and they dominate the public health establishment," said Philip R. Lee, a professor of social medicine at the University of California (San Francisco) and director of its Institute for Health Policy Studies.Government officials tend to focus on expensive research and treatment "and to forget about the public health piece in the middle," said Kristine M. Gebbie, administrator of the Oregon health department and head of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officers' AIDS task force.  Public education is "less specific than buying a building or a piece of equipment, and it's hard to quantify."
Dr. Walter R. Dowdle, coordinator of AIDS activities for the PHS, says that the agency has done its best given the lack of money.  "We felt very strongly from the beginning that there had to be an informational and educational effort -- a serious one -- even though it couldn't be validated at the time," he said.  "As money has become available, the programs [have] become more extensive and focused."
Much of the PHS's early public education efforts have consisted principally of trying to get the latest scientific information out to the medical community and to state and local health officials -- a traditional function of the agency's Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control (CDC).  The CDC and other PHS agencies sent out publications, made video-tapes and staged workshops for health professionals.  The CDC has also exercised its traditional authority to issue risk reduction guidelines -- including well-publicized recommendations on AIDS victims in schools and in the workplace.  The PHS has written fact sheets on AIDS and operates a nationwide toll-free AIDS hotline.  (For more information on what the various branches of the PHS have done regarding AIDS, see box, p. 2049.)
Federal health officials' interest in broader education efforts began to pick up somewhat after the isolation of the AIDS virus in 1984 and the subsequent development of a blood test for exposure to the virus.  These developments, officials say, gave them more information about the disease.  Dowdle said enthusiasm for education efforts has also been spurred by recent studies showing that education efforts may have contributed to dramatic reductions in new cases of AIDS in the gay community.
Comprehensive game plans drawn up in June by the PHS in consultation with outside experts have put more emphasis on public education.  One of the recommendations is to explore the idea of using paid radio, television and newspaper advertising, which the PHS currently is prevented by law from doing.
That idea may get a boost from U.S. surgeon general C. Everett Koop, who this fall will issue a report on AIDS as requested by the President.  Koop is reported to favor a stepped-up education campaign, including spreading the word on prime-time television.  "If ever there was an opportunity [to try massive public education], this is it," said Dr. Michael Samuels, assistant to the surgeon general.  "This is not gonorrhea that you can cure with a couple of shots."
Outside experts say it would help if high-ranking Administration officials took up the cause of public education.  With the exception of Heckler, Administration officials have kept a low profile on AIDS.  New Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Otis R. Bowen has mentioned AIDS in several recent unpublicized speeches and has announced that the United States is involved in efforts to create an international research foundation on AIDS.  President Reagan has made few public comments on AIDS.  Some observers say that the two major comments he has made in response to press questions have unnecessarily fanned public fears about the safety of the nation's blood supply and the risk that school children with AIDS present to classmates.
Since 1985, however, the PHS has been seeking and Congress has been approving sizable increases in money for AIDS programs, particularly for public education and prevention efforts.  Education funds increased more than threefold in fiscal 1986 to nearly $ 30 million, and it appears that Congress will grant a PHS request (which was leaked to the press in late June) for a 65 per cent increase above the Administration's fiscal 1987 AIDS request, including an additional $ 47 million for public education.  [See box, this page.] The PHS said that the money will help underwrite new voluntary testing, counseling and school programs, as well as intensive outreach efforts to arrest the spread of the AIDS virus among IV drug users.
EFFORTS SO FAR
Public education efforts run a higher risk of treading on public sensibilities than do laboratory research and efforts to track the spread of the disease.  "When you're dealing with public tax dollars . . . what that educational material can consist of is potentially an issue." said Edward N. Brandt Jr., a former assistant HHS secretary for health, who is now chancellor of the University of Maryland (Baltimore).  Brandt said HHS avoided potential controversies during his tenure (May 1981-December 1984) by funneling small grants for education through the U.S. Conference of Mayors, which distributed the funds to local and gay groups for education efforts.
But the CDC ran into controversy this year in distributing $ 5 million for AIDS education programs.  One grantee, the Gay Men's Health Crisis Inc. in New York, proposed using a video it had produced that depicted explicit homosexual sex.  The CDC then put conditions on the grants, prohibiting explicit materials and requiring grantees to set up community review panels to screen materials.
Grantees say they are complying with the guidelines, but argue that to be effective, the material must be explicit.  "You can't talk about human sexuality in euphemisms," said the Rev. Kenneth T. South, executive director of AIDS Atlanta, a Georgia group providing AIDS education and support services.
Information as basic as showing proper use of condoms can't be taken for granted, said Lee M. Kochems, director of research programs at Gay Men's Health Crisis.  And a bit of salesmanship, he argues, may also be necessary.  "Behavioral research at this point tells that expecting permanent change in behavior affecting health is unrealistic unless the information provides acceptable alternatives." The point of his group's controversial video, he said, was to show that "even with a condom, sex can be fun and enjoyable."
Despite the conditions attached to federal grants, AIDS assistance groups say the federal government is less hesitant to give money to AIDS groups that are identified with the gay community than are some state governments.  In Georgia, South said, the governor refused to turn over money that state health officials had planned to give AID Atlanta to train state drug and alcohol abuse employees.  The officials offered to make the check out to South personally and have him "donate" it to the organization, South said, but he refused.  The group finally got some money through a subcontract with a private drug treatment group.Two days after the Supreme Court upheld Georgia's anti-sodomy law last June, South said, state health officials called him to say it would be tougher to get money from the legislature."Even handing out condoms in gay bars is aiding and abetting a felony," South said.
To some, such experiences underscore the importance of the federal role in fighting the AIDS epidemic.  "If you put it at the state and local level, you bring out the worst in people" in their attitudes toward gays, the University of Michigan's Osborn said.  "It's harder to stand up at [the federal] level and say, 'Serves 'em right."'
Spending on AIDS efforts varies widely among the states.  California, which accounts for nearly half of all state expenditures on AIDS, has already spent $ 6.6 million on education programs and has budgeted $ 7.7 million for them in 1987, according to a recent survey by the Intergovernmental Health Policy Project at George Washington University.  But 11 states have budgeted no money for AIDS efforts.  The disease, however, does not respect state lines.  "Are we saying people in Alambama can get AIDS and others cannot?" asked Waxman.
The gay press and private gay advocacy groups have shouldered most of the responsibility for public education efforts in the gay community, often using privte funds.  Their efforts appear to be paying off.  In a study sponsored by the National Institutes of Health, researchers at the University of California (Berkeley) found that the rate of new infection with the AIDS virus among a group of gay men studied over time had dropped from 20 per cent a year from 1982-84, to 5 per cent a year since 1984.  Dr. Warren Winkelstein, a professor of epidemiology at Berkeley, says the reduced infection rate reflects major changes in behavior -- a decline in the number of sex partners and in sex without condoms.  Surveys in California and New York indicate that gay men are increasingly changing their sexual practices to protect themselves against AIDS.
But Kochems said that private efforts aren't enough.  "There's no kind of prevention other than education," he said.  "And if it's a national problem, it requires a national response.  There are still a lot of people in our own community who have not been reached."
DRUG USERS
Targeting groups other than gays has also proved to be troublesome.  As the rate of increase in the number of individuals exposed to the virus shows signs of slowing somewhat among homosexuals, it continues unabated among IV drug users.  Federal estimates put the number of IV drug users as high as 1.5 million.
"This is a group that has never been organized.  They're not well-educated and they tend to have less constituency representation by the very nature of who they are," said Dr. Carl Leukefeld, deputy director of clinical research at the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
IV drug users are viewed as major transmitters of AIDS to previously unaffected segments of the heterosexual population.  "According to one fairly straightforward scenario, the disease will spread through needle-sharing and we'll then see the transmission of the virus to those engaged in prostitution, male or female," Leukefeld said.  "Those people will have contact with loved ones and relations."
But federal officials are discovering that ending drug addiction requires intensive treatment, and the money and facilities to deal with those in need are woefully inadequate.  In New York City, where 34 per cent of AIDS victims are IV drug users, city officials say that as many as 15,000 were waiting for drug treatment.  The problem, said New York City health commissioner Stephen C. Joseph, underscores the need for a "coordinated federal approach to substance abuse." Thus far, say critics, the Administration's war on drugs has been long on rhetoric and short on money.  "You can't talk people off of drugs," said Mervyn F. Silverman, former director of public health for San Francisco and now president of the American Foundation for AIDS Research in Los Angeles.  The PHS's five-year AIDS plan calls for "a systematically increased capacity for treating IV drug abusers," but it's not clear how the agency intends to achieve that goal.
Meanwhile, a heated debate has sprung up about interim measures to stop the spread of the disease among IV users.  Some experts, including Osborn, advocate making clean needles available to IV drug abusers and giving addicts easier access to methadone (an addictive, but safer, drug that is used as an alternative to heroin and is taken orally).  San Francisco health officials recently explored the idea of providing clean needles, but Mayor Dianne Feinstein quashed it, saying the city could not appear to condone the use of illegal drugs.  City health workers instead distribute information on how to clean used needles.
New Jersey officials are still considering a proposal to allow IV drug users to exchange dirty needles for clean ones.  But Joseph called the distribution of clean needles "simplistic.  We don't know enough about what the effects would be.  There's enough potential danger of creating new addicts, and we're not sure it would have an effect on needle-sharing."
To date, the PHS debate, although it's five-year plan does call for "studies to evaluate the efficacy and feasibility of promoting safer use of drug paraphernalia."
Targeting the major high-risk groups and cities won't be enough.  Federal projections show that heterosexuals will account for 9 per cent of AIDS caused by the end of the decade, more than 80 per cent of all cases will occur in other states and cities.  AIDS cases have now been reported in all 50 states.  "Education has got to be done where AIDS isn't, not where it is," said Osborn.
"We don't have a very good idea of how much of this information is filtering down to the heterosexual population," said the PHS's Dowdle.  Only 35 per cent of individuals surveyed by the Los Angeles Times last December considered themselves very knowledgeable on the subject of AIDS, with 42 per cent saying they knew "not too much" and another 22 per cent saying they knew "hardly anything."
Three different polls by news organizations that were conducted last fall showed that most of those surveyed knew that AIDS was transmitted through blood transfers, hypodermic needles and sexual contact.  Sizable minorities, however, thought that AIDS could be caught from toilet seats, kissing or using the same drinking glass or said that they did not not know if the disease could be transmitted in these ways.
Experts say they still encounter a lot of ignorance about AIDS among those who should be in the know.  AID Atlanta's South said that state drug abuse workers whom his group trained recently in AIDS prevention efforts were relatively uninformed about the risk to IV drug users.  "They still think it's a gay disease," he said.  "That was scary to us."
Among the population at large, one group that may require special education efforts are blacks: A recent analysis of military recruits tested for exposure to the AIDS virus found the rate of infection among blacks was nearly four times higher than it was among whites.  And according to federal officials, blacks, who make up only 12 per cent of the population, now account for 25 per cent of adult AIDS cases.  Some experts have speculated that blacks are more vulnerable because of the high rates of IV drug use and because many live in urban areas where AIDS cases are concentrated.
Another group that could be especially vulnerable, Dowdle said, are sexually active adolescents.  But in reaching this group, the federal government faces severe constraints.  "Because this country does not have an aggressive sex education program, it does present some difficulties and breaks some new ground," Dowdle said.
Some other countries apparently have been less constrained in their approaches to AIDs prevention and education.  Visitors to Germany report seeing graphic educational posters on AIDS displayed in subways.  And cities in Australia and the Netherlands have been experimenting with making clean needles available to IV drug users.  "We can't afford to be prudish and moralistic about this," Osborn said.  "We're playing ostrich in the most intolerable way."
HOW EFFECTIVE?
Aside from the issue of social taboos, the PHS also faces uncertainties about the effectiveness of public education.  "It has generally been the conventional wisdom that educational programs by themselves haven't been all that effective," Dowdle said.
The war on cigarette smoking is a favorite example in the public health community.  Despite clear warnings from the surgeon general and a host of private groups during the past two decades, more than 30 per cent of adults still smoke, and the number of cigarettes sold every year continues to increase slightly.  On the other hand, said Harvey V. Fineberg, dean of the Harvard University School of Public Health, more than 30 million people have stopped smoking during the same period, making the effort at least a "partial success."
Previous campaigns against venereal diseases have also had only limited success, said Allan Brandt, an assistant professor of history of medicine at Harvard Medical School and the author of a book on the social history of venereal diseases.  In studying the military's attempt to control the spread of venereal diseases among soldiers, Brandt said he found that "the most restrictive measures have not been effective."
For example, an Army attempt to incarcerate prostitutes thought to be spreading disease during World War I had scant impact on the rates of transmission, he said.  Education efforts "whose central focus is to say, 'Avoid sex"' have also been ineffective, he said.  The most effective were measures "that recognized soldiers will have sex and taught them how to avoid getting sexually transmitted diseases." He cited the slogan directed at troops during World War II: "If you can't say 'no,' take a pro" -- a reference to prophylactics, such as condoms.
Dowdle and others contend the historical experience with venereal diseases and cigarettes may not be relevant to the AIDS epidemic because the consequences are more immediate and more serious.
"We have no data, but there's no question that you get somebody's attention easier when you say, 'You're going to die with it,' than when you say, 'Don't get it, but if you do, go get a shot of penicillin,"' Dowdle said.
While the success in curbing the spread of the infection among gays appear to be a powerful vote for education efforts, it is unclear whether education would be as successful among people who don't personally know victims or perceive themselves to be at risk.
For education efforts to be effective, Fineberg said, the federal government first has to face up to the fact that a truly effective campaign requires far greater expenditures.  "I don't think we've begun to treat education in the right order of magnitude," he said.  "When Procter and Gamble introduced new liquid Tide, a product with the benefit of a household name already, they spent $ 50 million-$ 60 million to promote it.  Crest spent $ 30 million just to promote its new tartar control formula.Last yar, the [PHS] had a budget of less than $ 30 million for all of its AIDS education efforts, including counseling."
While defending PHS's efforts thus far, Dowdle agrees more needs to be done.  "It's very clear we haven't done everything in the education field that we would like to do and should be doing," he said.  But, he added, there is still a lot of uncertainty about a mass education campaign.  "We need to bring in the people who do best at advertising and education.  We're now doing the ground work to get these people involved." But, he said, "the money is not here for a large educational program right now."
Although it appears Congress will give the agency close to or more than the additional $ 47 million it wants for education and prevention, a serious campaign, Fineberg argued, could easily require close to 10 times the current federal budget for education efforts.  "Could you convince people they should use condoms?  If you use $ 250 million, you have a shot at it," he said.  "We're talking serious money, but it's much less than what [the epidemic] is costing us and what it is going to cost.

Graphic

 
Cover Design, no caption, Lucinda S. Levine; Picture 1, Walter R. Dowdle of Public Health Service, Money's not there for a large education effort. Shepard Sherbell/Picture Group; Illustration, Examples of Australian public education efforts on AIDS; Picture 2, Gary B. MacDonald of AIDS Action Council, We are mortgaging the nation's ability to cope with the crisis. Shepard Sherbell/Picture Group


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS Cut-A-Thon Takes Stab At Fighting AIDS







AIDS Cut-A-Thon Takes Stab At Fighting AIDS
The Associated Press
September 13, 1985, Friday, AM cycle


Copyright 1985 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 354 words
Dateline: BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.
Body


Hairdressers throughout Southern California plan to arm themselves with scissors and combs to fight AIDS next month, giving all proceeds for a day to the battle against the deadly disease.
The AIDS Cut-A-Thon is to be held Oct. 13, with proceeds going to the AIDS Project Los Angeles, a nonprofit group that provides shelter for victims and money for research and education about AIDS.
About 200 salons have signed up for the benefit, in which haircuts will cost at least $15 and manicures at least $5, said Glenn Kennedy, associate director of AID Project Los Angeles.
Proceeds could total $450,000 if an expected 500 salons donate their time, Kennedy said.
The campaign chairman is Jose Eber, whose trendy Beverly Hills salon draws such celebrities as Farah Fawcett, Victoria Principal and Cher.
Co-chairs include actresses Carol Kane, Jobeth Williams, Eileen Brennan, Jennifer Jones, Morgan Fairchild and singer Linda Ronstadt.
Celebrities will make unannounced trips to salons around Los Angeles County to have their hair cut, Kennedy said.
Eber said he will accept anyone on that day, appointment or not.
"Everybody who ever dreamed of coming in can come," he said. "But people shouldn't expect a free haircut. In my salon, we are more or less raising the price on this day. But we don't keep a dime."
Eber said he may charge $100 per haircut instead of the usual $60 _ and more, of course, if Eber himself does the job.
He said hairdressers have a personal stake in fighting AIDS.
"The beauty industry, it's nice that they get involved," he said. "We're always touching hair and faces. I heard some people are afraid, knowing that their hairdresser is gay. I heard certain actresses on the (movie) sets are asking makeup people to wear gloves."
AIDS, acquired immune deficiency syndrome, is a disease that cripples the body's immune system, leaving the victim vulnerable to infections and other diseases, including cancers.
AIDS is most likely to strike homosexuals, abusers of injectable drugs and hemophiliacs. It can apparently be spread by sexual contact, contaminated needles and blood transfusions, but not by casual contact.


End of Document
Page  of 
The AIDS Schism







The AIDS Schism
National Journal
July 4, 1987


Copyright 1987 The National Journal, Inc.
Section:  FOCUSES; Health; Vol. 19, No. 27; Pg. 1756
Length: 1048 words
Byline:  JULIE KOSTERLITZ
Body


"As a gay woman I can say this," a young representative of the Colorado Health Department said at the recent international conference on AIDS in Washington: "Gay men often think they own this disease."
At the heart of her irritation was the gay community's response to Colorado's contact tracing program.  The state requires that the names of anyone testing positive for exposure to the AIDS virus be reported to state health officials.  The state then asks those people for the names of their sexual contacts and tries to track them down to let them know they may be at risk and to counsel them about their options.
It's a controversial plan, but then, so is just about every public policy decision surrounding AIDS.  Here's a matter that seems to put hard-headed pragmatism against social mores, and sets individual rights -- to privacy, for example -- against the rights of others to remain uninfected by a disease.
These complex issues are unlikely to be resolved to everyone's satisfaction.  But as recent events have shown, a dangerous schism is developing: Public health experts and the gay community are on one side, and policy makers and other segments of the public are on the other.
Politicians who pander to unreasonable public fears deserve a good share of the blame.  Just because many people are afraid does not mean they are right.
But health experts and gays should also shoulder some blame.  What began as a crucial dialogue is increasingly taking on the tone of a self-righteous soliloquy ever more intolerant of opposing views and, in some instances, dangerously out of touch with public opinion.
President Reagan's AIDS testing policy, announced on the eve of the conference, exposed a clear example of this divergence.  Much of the negative reaction focused on the President's call for states to establish "routine" testing of those seeking marriage licenses.  Such measures, he said, would help track the spread of AIDS and protect uninfected individuals and the unborn.
The plan has several major flaws.  Those at highest risk are unlikely to be seeking marriage licenses to begin with.  And like any testing plan designed to extract information from the unwilling, the plan may merely drive the targeted groups underground.  The tests aren't perfect: They will wrongfully brand some and let other infectious individuals through -- creating a false sense of public security.  By casting an overly broad net, the program would waste precious resources.  Finally, because it appears to make no provisions for those it does catch, the plan is creating problems as thorny as those it hopes to solve.
Many observers are disturbed by the message the plan conveys: Seemingly devoid of concern for the victims' plight or of compassion for the gay community, the plan has overtones of a discriminatory campaign, designed to hunt down and punish the epidemic's victims.
So public health officials and the gay community can be forgiven for seeing the plan as a political ploy, a reaction to opinion polls showing that the public favors such measures, rather than a reasoned, humanitarian attempt to slow the epidemic's spread.
But critics of the plan have a problem: 85 per cent of the public thinks individuals should be tested before they can get a marriage license, according to a recent ABC News-Washington Post poll; large majorities think doctors should give AIDS antibody tests as part of routine checkups, that the government should require tests for high-risk individuals an that stopping the spread of the virus should take precedence over people's privacy.
Some might conclude that much of the public is either small-minded or ill-informed, but no one has gone the distance in persuading people that the current approaches are adequate to protect them from the spread of the disease.
Public health officials eschew the political for the pragmatic.  Because their only charter is to find the most effective ways to track and prevent the spread of disease, they cannot afford the distractions of morality or public opinion.  As Surgeon General C. Everett Koop put it recently, "I am not the chaplain of the Public Health Service; I am the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service." It is true that many public health officials, doctors and nurses have worked at learning about the gay community and intravenous drug abusers.  And many have gotten beyond stereotypes and learned about the realities they will be contending with in gathering and disseminating information.
But there is a point at which the partnership between the experts and their subjects gets too exclusive: Too few of them make the effort to bring outsiders in, and attempts to raise concerns or explore different approaches to public protection are cast as assaults on the rights of a minority group.
Contact tracing, for example, provokes outrage.  Columnist Nat Hentoff, a staunch advocate for civil liberties, wrote recently of a researcher involved in contact tracing who was drummed out of another AIDS research project as an "Orwellian fascist." The public health worker from Colorado seemed to feel that she needed to mention her sexual orientation to speak freely in favor of contact tracing.  Conscientious gay men may resent the notion that not all the infected act responsibly toward their sexual partners, she said, but the program is a boon to "the black woman with kids" in inner-city Denver.  "AIDS is going to make a difference in her life and for her children."
That's not to say that contact tracing is without its problems: Safeguards against misuse of test information do not provide ironclad guarantees.  Such programs can also be an expensive way of reaching the few.  And they raise tough questions.
Instead of confronting them, however, the pat response of public health officials and gays has been to fall back on the refrain that education and prophylactics are the answers.
The public apparently finds the prevailing orthodoxy less than wholly reassuring.  As the polls suggest, there is a widespread apprehension that legitimate concerns about the spread of the disease have not been adequately addressed.  Politicians can't afford to ignore the victims of AIDS or the advice of health experts.  But neither can experts and activists afford to be cavalier about concerns of the public.

Graphic

 
Illustration, no caption, G. Moss ©


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS: Hollywood Jitters







AIDS: Hollywood Jitters
Newsweek
August 26, 1985, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1985 Newsweek
Section: MEDICINE; Pg. 73
Length: 802 words
Byline: ELOISE SALHOLZ with PETER McALEVEY in Los Angeles
Body


Suddenly in Hollywood, a town spooked by the specter of AIDS, it's possible to be too thin, if not too rich. Acquaintances are sized up to see if they have suddenly -- and with no explanation -- lost weight. Fears run deep in the gay community that just being homosexual could cost an actor his job. There is dark talk of possible mandatory blood tests for gays and even internment for AIDS victims. The jitters are neither rational nor supported by medical evidence -- but they are symptoms of the uneasiness that has fallen over Hollywood in the weeks following Rock Hudson's admission that he is suffering from AIDS.
The disease has become the chief preoccupation of Hollywood, and the town has become -- even more so than usual -- a breeding ground for gossip, fear and finger pointing. "I don't have a conversation at a lunch, dinner or party where it doesn't come up," says a senior vice president of production at a major studio. "It's at the forefront of people's minds." The conversations as to who may have the disease are endless. Last week Burt Reynolds, after days of swirling rumors, felt impelled to go on "Entertainment Tonight" and deny, with some bitterness, that he has AIDS.
The fears are in part legitimate. The entertainment industry has a large homosexual community that, like gay communities everywhere, is frightened by the spread of the disease. "There isn't a person in show business who hasn't been affected by it," says producer Howard Rosenman, who's lost two close friends to AIDS. But there is also overreaction. The ancient Hollywood convention of the social kiss is falling by the wayside in some circles, despite the fact there is no evidence AIDS can be transmitted through casual contact. And some see portents in the smallest signs -- such as minor weight loss. "This is a gossip communily," says society columnist George Christy. "If somebody loses five pounds they suddenly become a candidate for AIDS."
Another rumor touched off by the Hudson case is that many actresses are now frightened by playing opposite gay or bisexual men. Studio executives deny that they are deleting close encounters from scripts to protect performers from the disease, but Screen Actors Guild president Ed Asner says he has heard of "a move afoot by some producers to obviate kissing." "Until we know more, I think it's a good suggestion," adds Asner. And last week, amid talk -- denied by a spokeswoman -- that Linda ("Krystle") Evans was distraught over a lengthy kissing scene with Hudson in a "Dynasty" episode last season, Joan Rivers said an actor has an obligation to inform fellow performers if he has AIDS. "The way the [Hudson] situation was handled was horrendous," Rivers, a longtime friend of Hudson, told syndicated columnist Marilyn Beck. "His people knew the truth all along and should have just come out and acknowledged it was AIDS." Hudson at the weekend remained in a guarded, $549-a-day room at the UCLA Medical Center where he was listed in fair but stable condition. A private nurse is available to him around the clock.
Not surprisingly, the unease is greatest in the homosexual community. The Actors Guild has received calls from gays concerned about a possible backlash that could cost them their jobs and there is worry that anxiety over the epidemic could produce a wave of homophobia. "What's scary is that employers could use blood tests [for AIDS] like a fingerprint," said a network television executive. "The comparison is not with McCarthyism, where people simply lost their jobs -- the extreme fear is Manzanar, the Japanese internmentcamps."
While the Hollywood gossip mill often runs at a fever pitch, the community's outward response to the AIDS crisis has been measured. Last week the Los Angeles city council, followed quickly by the city council of gay-dominated West Hollywood, unanimously passed the nation's first resolution protecting AIDS victims from discrimination in employment, housing and health services. Its supporters wanted to lend the force of law to the idea that AIDS is not spread by casual contact.
And Hollywood has rallied around its wounded. A year ago Joan Rivers was virtually the only celebrity to perform at AIDS benefits. Next month's $500-a-head gala for the AIDS Project L.A., chaired by Reynolds, Elizabeth Taylor, Bette Midler and other members ofthe Entertainment Industry Support Committee, will be the season's hottest ticket. The response can be attributed, in large measure, to the outpouring of Hudson-generated publicity and sympathy. But there is another potent reason. Hollywood knows there are other AIDS victims among its ranks who need help. "The Rock Hudson thing kind of galvanized the industry," says Rosenman. "Suddenly everybody said, 'He's one of our own.' You support them, they're showbiz -- they're family."

Graphic

 
Picture 1, Evans and Hudson on 'Dynasty': An obligation to warn fellow performers?, SIPA -- SPECIAL FEATURES; Picture 2, Reynolds: The gossips force a bitter denial, RON GALELLA; Picture 3, Taylor: Help, JAMES COLBURN -- PHOTOREPORTERS


End of Document
Page  of 
$60 MILLION FOR FIGHT AGAINST AIDS AIDS







$60 MILLION FOR FIGHT AGAINST AIDS; AIDS
Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)
August 16, 1989 Wednesday
Late Edition


Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd All Rights Reserved
Section: SPECIAL SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 4
Length: 257 words
Byline: PILITA CLARK
Body


The Government will spend $60 million on fighting AIDS this financial year- an increase of 40 per cent on last year's funds, but still far less than $85the million called for by AIDS experts in the lead-up to the Budget.
This year's health budget includes an extra $6.7 million for AIDS programs to be spent on implementing the National AIDS Strategy White Paper, which will be released at the end of the month.
The White Paper has taken more than a year to complete and is the first comprehensive national strategy for AIDS prevention.
Although the Government has increased spending on AIDS significantly during the past five years, there has been substantial criticism from AIDS experts in the lead-up to the Budget about the amount of funding needed.
An open letter sent to the Prime Minister and Cabinet nearly a month ago called for AIDS spending to be more than doubled.
Dr Blewett made it clear this would not occur.
The $60 million outlined in the Budget includes $21.7 million for hospital funding grants to the States under Medicare arrangements to cover the costs of providing treatment for people with AIDS in public hospitals.
These grants are raised or lowered according to the number of AIDS patients treated.
As well, the Budget provides an estimated $35.5 million for the various Commonwealth AIDS education, prevention, treatment and support services.
Spending on these areas has increased significantly, from $5.1 million in 1984-85 - shortly after AIDS was first recognised as a major public health threat - to $25.3 million in 1988-89.





Last year a 25-year-old man called John Ball sat in a ward at Fairfield Hospital holding the hand of his buddy, Doug, who was dying of AIDS.
 In typically tragic circumstances, Doug died that night, but John's promise to him had been fulfilled.He hadn't been alone. Doug had died with a buddy by his side.
John was part of a care team which had been assigned to look after Doug. Organised by the Victorian AIDS Council's support group, the team was one of several which had been set up to help people stricken by the disease; either physically or psychologically.
 Now, the tide has turned.
 The support group is looking for help.
 The number of cases it is being asked to take on has increased dramatically and about 500 extra volunteers are needed before the end of next year - 100 immediately.
 The group's convenor, Mr Keith Harbour, said people with vehicles who could provide transport services during the week would be especially welcomed, as would people with organisational abilities who could help out with administrative matters.
 "If that could happen that would be a big help," he said.
 Mr Harbour said volunteers working with AIDS patients were well trained before they took on the job.
 Often working long hours, the volunteers did tasks ranging from caring for the patients to paying their bills.
 "We want people who are very sensitive and open minded," Mr Harbour said.
 Mr Harbour said if people felt they didn't have the time to spare working in the area, donations would be welcomed.
 The money would go towards a specially set-up fund which would help AIDS patients who, for one reason of another, had run into financial difficulty.
 Anyone interested in either giving money or support (potential volunteers are required to fill out application forms) they should phone VAC on 417-1759 and ask for Chris.
 END OF STORY





Nine out of 10 AIDS patients in Los Angeles County are gay or bisexual men, far higher than the national average because few of the county's AIDS victims are drug addicts, a top health official says.
Only 2 percent of the county's AIDS patients are intravenous drug abusers, but "if you look at the national figures, it's up around 15 percent or 16 percent," said Dr. Martin Finn, medical director of public health for the county Department of Health Services.
"We don't seem to have the problem here with the intravenous drug abuser you find on the East Coast, where they have shooting galleries _ storefronts where you go in and get shot up _ and needle sterility is questionable," Finn said. "We just have a better educated addict population here."
Of the 1,060 reported cases of acquired immune deficiency syndrome in Los Angeles County since the disease was identified, 983 were gay or bisexual males and only 23 were intravenous drug abusers, the second largest group, Finn said. Nearly half the county's AIDS patients were in their 30s when diagnosed.
Los Angeles County, with 1,060 AIDS cases and 547 deaths at the end of July, ranks third nationally behind New York and San Francisco.
But, Finn warned, "We shouldn't take much consolation that Los Angeles has lower numbers than New York (which has recorded almost 4,400 AIDS cases). The potential for Los Angeles to equal those numbers is pretty great."
The county has 450,000 residents considered at risk for AIDS, and an estimated 30 percent have already been exposed to the virus, Finn said. Because about 10 percent of those are expected to develop AIDS, Finn recently predicted that in four years, there will be more than 10,000 cases of AIDS in the county.
This summer's revelation that actor Rock Hudson has AIDS prompted an outpouring of public financial support for agencies serving AIDS patients, said Robert McLane, a counselor at AIDS Project Los Angeles. But he said the AIDS epidemic also had spurred increasing bias against homosexuals, especially in Hollywood's large gay community.
"A lot of gay actors right now are concerned about their careers because the heat is on now," he said.
However, the cities of Los Angeles and West Hollywood recently passed ordinances to protect AIDS patients from discrimination by employers, landlords, schools, businesses and medical facilities.
Services for AIDS patients in the county generally are adequate, said Finn, McLane and Martin James, whose Shanti Foundation provides counseling for people with the disease.
But all three men also cited a severe lack of hospices and home nursing care for AIDS patients who don't wish to die in hospitals.


End of Document
Page  of 
Questions about AIDS







Questions about AIDS
Consumer Reports
March, 1989


Copyright 1989 Consumers Union of U.S., Inc.;
Section: Vol. 54, No. 3; Pg. 142
Length: 1088 words
Highlight: Despite increased public knowledge about AIDS, some misconceptions linger.
Body


According to surveys of our readers, most know a lot about how AIDS spreads.  But some worry needlessly about ways that it doesn't.
Nearly all the readers - some 3300 volunteers in one survey and a representative sample of 800 subscribers in another - knew what was really dangerous: having sex without a condom with a person infected by the AIDS virus; sharing drug needles with an infected person.  Most also knew that infected women could give birth to infected babies.
But many also worried about harmless things: Thirty-six percent feared being sneezed on or spat at by an infected person; 27 percent worried about sharing food or utensils with the person.  A smaller percentage were concerned about sharing clothes or makeup or shaking hands with the person, actions that also involve no danger.  Gay men who responded to the volunteer survey generally were better informed than heterosexuals about what's risky and what's not.
Among the most common misconceptions - held by 27 percent of the readers - was concern about being bitten by a mosquito that had bitten an infected person.  But that's just as harmless as shaking hands - or any form of casual contact.
The AIDS virus would have to multiply inside the mosquito to make transmission feasible, and studies show that this doesn't happen. In addition, mosquitoes don't discriminate.  If they could spread the virus, then school-age children should also become infected. But even in mosquito-infested areas of the U.S. and Africa, children living in the same household with AIDS patients - often in the same room - haven't been infected.
 
Here are some questions commonly asked about AIDS:
 
Q. How many people are currently infected?
A. The U.S. Public Health Service estimates that between 1 million and 1.5 million Americans are infected with HIV - the AIDS virus. Experts believe that, in most cases, those infected will eventually develop AIDS.
 
Q. What are the symptoms of infection?
A. At first, usually none.  Most infected people feel normal and have no overt symptoms for several years or more.  But the infection may gradually cripple the body's immune-defense system, leaving a person vulnerable to disease.  The first symptoms may be non-specific, such as fever and weight loss; or they may be the onset of one of several diseases, such as an unusual type of pneumonia or a form of cancer known as Kaposi's sarcoma.
 
Q. How is the AIDS virus usually transmitted?
A. By the semen or vaginal fluid of an infected person during intercourse, or by direct transfer of infected blood into the bloodstream.  Sexual intercourse is the most frequent route, accounting for two-thirds of the more than 82,000 AIDS cases reported in the U.S.  Anal intercourse is much more likely to transmit the virus than vaginal intercourse, but anyone who is infected can infect a sexual partner.  Another common route of infection is intravenous-drug use, mainly from sharing needles or syringes contaminated by infected blood.
 
Q. Which people are at greatest risk?
A. Some 62 percent of U.S. AIDS cases involve gay or bisexual men who acquired the disease sexually.  Users of intravenous drugs comprise the second largest risk group - about 27 percent of all cases.  (Infection appears to be increasing rapidly in this group, especially in the Northeast, while rates of new infection among gay men have declined.) Other high-risk groups include people with hemophilia, who became infected through contaminated blood-derived clotting agents; and recent immigrants from certain African countries and Haiti, where transmission usually occurs heterosexually.  Prostitutes also have a high risk of infection, partly because many of them use intravenous drugs.
 
Q. Is the risk also high for heterosexuals?
A. At present, the vast majority of heterosexuals in the U.S. aren't in any high-risk group.  But unprotected sex still involves some risk, especially for those who have multiple partners or live in areas where intravenous drug use is common.  Using condoms reduces the risk sharply.
Q. What is the risk from a single unprotected act of sexual intercourse with an infected person?
A. Estimates of the chance of infection range from one in 100 to one in 500.  They're based on several studies involving female sexual partners of infected men.  These are only averages, however.  The risk varies considerably for different sexual practices.  Oral sex appears to be much less hazardous than vaginal or anal intercourse. In anal sex, the risk is far greater for the partner accepting penetration, male or female.
Other factors can also influence infectivity.  If either partner has genital sores, the risk of infection increases.  Evidence also suggests that infected people become more infectious with time.  And some people seem to be more vulnerable to infection than others. Such variations make risk calculations a chancy business - and make condoms a sensible choice if you have any doubts about your partner.
 
Q. Do women face a greater risk than men?
A. About nine out of 10 AIDS victims are male, primarily gay or bisexual men, intravenous drug users, or hemophiliacs.  But research suggests that women may be at greater risk than men in unprotected vaginal intercourse.  The AIDS virus appears to be more highly concentrated in semen than in vaginal fluids.  And women are likely to have longer exposure to the virus because they retain the semen.
 
Q. How can you tell whether you're infected?
A. By taking a blood test known as the HIV antibody test, which detects antibodies that infected people produce in response to the virus.  It's the same test performed since March 1985 on every pint of donated blood.  You can obtain the test through your physician or anonymously at clinics or AIDS test sites in most states.  Anonymous testing is often free or on a sliding scale, with fees seldom exceeding $ 15.  Results are usually available within a week or two.
 
Q. Where can I get information about AIDS?
A. Call the National AIDS Hotline at 1-800-342-2437 (or 1-800-344-7432 for Spanish-speaking callers).  Supervised by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, the hotline is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.  When we called, we found the hotline staff knowledgeable and helpful.  They can tell you where you can get an antibody test locally, and whom to contact for counseling, treatment, support groups, or financial assistance.  They also answer general questions about AIDS.


End of Document
Page  of 
The AIDS Effect







The AIDS Effect
The Toronto Star
June 10, 1989, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION


Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
Section: MAGAZINE; Pg. M14
Length: 2571 words
Byline: By Kelly Toughill
Body

It's been a decade since young men started to mysteriously sicken and die in New York and San Francisco, a decade since the beginning of the AIDS epidemic in North America.
Today millions of people are infected with the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome; no corner of the world has been left untouched.
The public has been bombarded with information about the disease in a mass effort to stop its spread. The details of each scientific discovery have been reported in depth.
But now a new sort of information about the epidemic is coming out. Just as doctors and scientists told us how the the virus is transmitted and what it does to the human body, now artists are beginning to describe how it is changing our lives and what it is doing to society.
AIDS has been a major inspiration for a generation of artists. Some say it has spawned a new genre: art of the epidemic.
"There is hardly an aspect of contemporary culture, from the eroticization of advertising to the way we view homosexuality, that hasn't been affected," says James Miller, an English professor at the University of Western Ontario. "AIDS is not just hitting people on the surface, it is involving all the major aspects of their lives, and linking up all their phobias about sex and death as well. I can't think of another disease in history that had this much effect on culture. The plague didn't. Cholera didn't. Influenza didn't."
More than 40 novels and plays have been written about the epidemic, says Miller. Aspects of the disease have been described in dance, music and painting. One of the largest pieces of art in the world is a massive quilt embroidered with the names of people who have died of the syndrome.
In North America, art about AIDS first appeared in New York city, where the epidemic hit first, and hardest. Larry Kramer was one of the first people to write about the disease in his play The Normal Heart. Kramer was also one of the first people to realize that something had gone horribly wrong with the health of the gay community. Long before public health officials noticed the epidemic, years before the disease was even named, Kramer became concerned about the number of his New York friends who were falling ill. He helped found the first AIDS activist group in North America, Gay Men's Health Crisis.
That link between art and activism is common in the new genre. University of Toronto professor Michael Lynch, who recently released a book of poetry about the epidemic, is one of the founders of AIDS Action Now!, Canada's most radical AIDS organization.
Once upon a time, art about AIDS was confined mostly to the gay community in New York and San Francisco. That has changed dramatically as the epidemic has spread beyond the gay community, and beyond the large cities of the United States.
A LOT OF WORK has come out of Canada. The first major AIDS art project was the creation of Toronto artists General Idea. In 1986, the collaborative - A. A. Bronson, Jorge Zontal and Felix Partz - were asked to submit a work to an AIDS benefit art exhibition. The painting they prepared was inspired by Robert Indiana's famous LOVE logo of the '60s. That three-color image was so widely disseminated - simply appropriated without the artist's permission - that it became a symbol for the era.
"We were looking for an icon for the '80s," says A.A. Bronson. It was simple: just change one four-letter word for another. Three years later, General Idea's logo, its distribution carefully orchestrated by the artists, is starting to take on the same subliminal power as Robert Indiana's did. Thousands of posters have been printed for use in U.S., Canadian and European gallery and public installations. At the recent Frankfurt Art Fair, General Idea created a show-stopping booth completely papered over with them. This month the image will be posted in every car in the New York subway system and in September it will appear as an animated logo on the Times Square pixelboard. The artists are now attempting to start an Easter Seal-style campaign with it.
The art emerging from the effects of AIDS is part personal expression and part polemic, an effort to raise awareness. This spring alone, three new works have been launched in Toronto: Lynch's new book, These Waves Of Dying Friends; paintings by artist Andy Fabo and a play by Richard Rose, Newhouse. In Montreal, the first international symposium on the topic has just ended, part of a larger international conference on AIDS. Artists, including Montreal playwright Michel Tremblay, novelist Yves Navare and actor Tom Hulce, participated in panel discussions, performances and exhibitions.
AIDS is caused by a virus that gradually destroys the immune system, leaving people vulnerable to other, often fatal, infections. The virus is found in blood and semen and most often spread during intercourse and the sharing of needles by infected drug users. In North America, the virus spread first among gay men and drug users, but in Africa it has spread almost exclusively through heterosexual intercourse.
As many Americans have died of AIDS as died in the Viet Nam War. In Canada, 50,000 people are believed to be infected with the virus that causes the disease - enough people to populate a city the size of Kingston. Up to 10 million people are believed to be infected worldwide. Everyone who is infected with the virus is expected to develop the fatal syndrome unless an effective treatment is found.
It is ironic that so much creation is coming out of so much death, but it isn't surprising. AIDS has brought a sense of communal pain, the kind caused by cataclysms like war and depression, the kind that inspired works such as Leo Tolstoy's War And Peace and John Steinbeck's Grapes Of Wrath.
"Art coming out of the AIDS epidemic is a form of communal mourning," says Lynch. "We are mourning an entire community that has died."
It isn't just the sheer scale of death that is inspiring this artistic outpouring. Other diseases kill more. It is the way that AIDS kills, how it is transmitted, and, most of all, who it is killing: mostly young people in the prime of their lives.
AIDS challenges some of our most basic assumptions about our place in the universe. Most people in developed countries feel less vulnerable to nature than to their own species. We fear bombs, not microbes, and worry about mass destruction from human conflict, not natural selection. Most of all, AIDS challenges our attitudes toward sex and death. Now the very act that creates human life has the potential to end it; the human fluids most associated with creation - blood and semen - can also kill.
Whether it's showing how the epidemic has affected an individual life, or whether it's an overtly political expression of how the epidemic is changing society, mostly of the art is about grief, rage, fear and confusion. The subject matter is incredibly broad, ranging from humorous lessons in how to eroticize safe sex to angry outbursts about how the public's fear of contagion can be perverted for political means.
"The variety and diversity of art coming out of AIDS is immense," says Lynch. "I am not aware of any other epidemic that has produced this much, this large a body of work. It is more like the writings out of World War I, when you had the sudden, unexpected loss of so many young men in the trenches. No one thought that would happen. No one thought this would happen."
These Waves Of Dying Friends is a deeply personal book filled with lyrical verses that celebrate life and sensuality. It was written between 1983 and 1987, a time when Lynch saw many of his friends in New York and Toronto die.
Last fall Lynch himself developed a form of pneumonia that is a common hallmark of AIDS and the most common killer of those who have the disease.
"For a few days, we thought it was curtains," he says.
Lynch isn't being melodramatic. He doesn't mention this brush with death to startle, or to make him seem special in any way. In fact it isn't all that special. Lynch knows several people with AIDS who have died of the lung ailment he developed last fall.
This casual familiarity with death is one of the hallmarks of the AIDS age, as common in Lynch's poetry as in his conversation. Where once artists wrote about the fight to stave off death, now they are as likely to write about the struggle to accept it with humor and grace.
AIDS is never named in Lynch's book, but it hovers over every page.
In one poem, called "Prayer," the narrator is going about the rituals of the Christmas season while also looking for a new lover. But in this poem the rituals of Christmas include not just parties and prettily decorated trees, but buying Gerbers, an easily digested baby food that is favored by many people with AIDS who can't eat solids. And the lover being sought must be a stranger, someone who poses no risk of involvement in the future, and who will wipe away the hard memories of the past.
"And after the parties, at Close of / Night? Give me / a man with the skill to answer / this prayer: make me anonymous / as an herb in an unwalked field under skies so vast / the sun is neither lamp nor car."
IT IS THE details that make this a book of mourning, that reveal how the epidemic infuses every aspect of life with additional meaning.
AIDS is responsible for more than just the subject matter of Lynch's recent writing. He says he is writing more regularly since his diagnosis.
"I am very conscious of my own mortality," he says. "That has made me set priorities. Writing is a very high priority."
Richard Rose's new work is every bit as political as Lynch's is personal.
His play, Newhouse, is set in a bleak near future in which an AIDS-like disease has transformed the values of society so that denial is confused with virtue and passion and sensuality are dead.
"When I was writing this, I couldn't keep up with events fast enough," says Rose. "I'd write a scene in the play, and the next day you'd read about something like it happening in the newspaper. It was frightening."
In his play, the epidemic is manipulated for political means: the government is brought down when it is revealed the prime minister was infected through a one-night stand never revealed to his wife. Conservative forces are calling for quarantine of people who knowingly spread the disease and the United States has set up concentration camps for anyone who is infected.
Newhouse isn't a pretty view of what the epidemic is doing to society, but it is a common one. A lot of AIDS art projects an apocalyptic future in which mankind has responded to the disease by isolating those who are infected. Much of the art focuses on fears that the epidemic will be used as an excuse to persecute specific groups such as gay men, prostitutes and drug users.
Rose deliberately avoided that theme. In his play, the disease is never named. It has the same basic biology as AIDS, but has become widespread throughout society. There is no mention of homosexuality or drug use.
"I wanted to break down that whole thing about them and us, about what kind of people get the disease and whom it affects," he says. "I wanted people to see that we're all at risk, and that how society responds should be important to all of us regardless of the state of our immune system."
It is a common theme in AIDS art, trying to demystify the disease and destroy the idea that AIDS is something that happens to someone else.
ONE OF THE most interesting things about Rose's recent production was the audience. When Kramer's play was produced in Toronto, it closed early for lack of interest. A year later, Newhouse was sold out for its entire run. The audience included teenagers, seniors and lots of young couples.
Indeed art about AIDS is starting to emerge from those parts of the world where it is as much a heterosexual as a homosexual disease.  Visual AIDS is a collection of more than 200 AIDS posters, most of them part of prevention campaigns, from around the world. Running now at Galerie Schweitzer and Musee d'art contemporain in Montreal, it gives an indication of how the disease is viewed in different societies.
Two posters from Zambia were hand-drawn by a teen-aged boy whose best friend died of AIDS. In the posters, white people are healthy and only blacks are sick. One features the words: It's Shameful to Die of AIDS.
As art about AIDS increases, so does interest in the new genre among critics and academics. Miller taught a course this year about AIDS in the arts, a class he describes as the most exciting of his entire career. He also helped organize a conference last fall on how AIDS is represented in the arts and the popular media.
Miller's speciality is iconography in art, looking at how symbols are used to depict events and attitudes.
Many artists have reached back to symbols of the Middle Ages and the plague to describe AIDS visually, says Miller. Skeleton figures and the danse macabre are both common in AIDS art, as are protective saints.
"Some of this is deeply rooted in Western art tradition," says Miller. "Other artists stress the discontinuity of this epidemic. Some use symbols of the body."
THE WORK OF Canadian-born artist Andre Durand, who now lives in England, is a perfect example of how traditional symbols are being used to depict AIDS. His painting, Votive Offering, shows Princess Diana bowing over a woman with AIDS. The painting also includes St. Sebastian and St. Catherine of Genoa, both saints invoked to ward off pestilence during the plague.
It's just as interesting to look at work about the day-to-day reality of having AIDS and wonder what common objects it depicts will become the powerful symbols of tomorrow. The work of Toronto artist Andy Fabo, for instance, uses the imagery of medical technology. One piece shows a man inhaling from a nebulizer, a specialized machine that is necessary to administer a drug commonly taken by people with AIDS. The device has only been used for two years, but already the image of someone holding a cup and hose over their face is becoming a recognizable symbol of AIDS.
In two weeks, the best known artwork to come out of the AIDS epidemic will be displayed in Toronto. The Names Project is a giant quilt that was started four years ago in San Francisco. Each three-by-six-foot panel is dedicated to someone who has died of AIDS. So far, more than 9,000 panels have been created, each one different from the others. About 2,000 panels will be on display in Toronto at the C.N.E. Coliseum from June 22 to June 24, along with 200 Canadian panels that are being added.
"I wonder how much of a sense there is of there being too much art about AIDS," says Lynch. "I wonder if people say, 'Ho hum, here's another play about AIDS.' I hope not. Society's response to AIDS is a measure of its own humanity. Art about AIDS is not a narrow issue. AIDS affects an enormous number of people in all walks of life in all sorts of ways."
Art of the epidemic will continue to flourish as long as the death toll continues to mount. One can only hope that some day the subject will be spent, that as effective treatments are developed for the virus, the genre will be looked back on as art from a specific epoch or generation. Let's hope that day comes soon.
Kelly Toughill reports on AIDS for The Toronto Star.

Graphic

 
Color photo (Andrew) Michael Lynch. Color photo Robert Schultz and Melissa Bell in Newhouse. Painting (Andy Fabo) imagery of medical technology. Color painting (General Idea) AIDS 1987 (front page)




Some police officials and prison authorities are showing paranoia and, in some instances, stupidity dealing with AIDS. It seems more a fear of the unknown than the known.
In the case of the police, some U.S. forces have been donning protective space suits and rubber gloves when arresting AIDS sufferers or patrolling gay rallies. They could well take a lesson from Frank Jordan, chief of police in San Francisco, where AIDS is a real epidemic. This week he told a meeting in Toronto of the International Association of Chiefs of Police that in routine contact with AIDS sufferers, unusual precautions are unnecessary.
No San Francisco cop, or one from anywhere else, for that matter, has contracted AIDS through routine contact, he said. Knowledge, not panic, was his message.
The same maxim should apply to Ontario's prison system which is trying to come to grips with the spread of disease among inmates. It has been suggested that condoms be passed out to inmates to offer some protection.
A sensible policy. Yet at one Ontario correctional centre, condoms are only given to teen-age inmates, not to those over 20. Does homosexual sex end at 20? Knowledge, we hope, will eventually prevail here.





A Senate committee has voted to earmark $221 million for AIDS programs in the next year, including research, model treatment programs and a special hotline for victims of the disease.
The bill, approved Thursday by the Senate Appropriations Committee, expands the $189 million for AIDS approved by the House on Wednesday and more than doubles the amount requested by President Reagan to fight AIDS.
The Senate measure includes $203 million for AIDS research, adds $16 million to develop model treatment programs in areas of the country with the highest concentration of AIDS victims, and sets aside $2 million for a national, toll-free AIDS hotline.
The appropriation increase for AIDS _ acquired immune deficiency syndrome _ was proposed by Sen. Lowell Weicker, R-Conn., as part of a $105 billion fiscal 1986 spending bill for the Labor and Health and Human Services departments and related agencies.
The bill, which next goes to the full Senate for approval, also rejects cuts proposed by Reagan in job training, guaranteed student loans, the Job Corps, the Work Incentive Program, and education, instead freezing those programs at current levels.
"This measure maintains our nation's commitment to vital health, education and job training programs," said Weicker in a statement about the bill, which is about $5 billion above the amount Reagan requested but close to the mark in the budget guidelines approved by Congress on Aug. 1.
The House on Wednesday added language to its version of the appropriations bill to allow the surgeon general to close public bath houses and massage parlors, places where AIDS could be spread through sexual contact. The sponsor of the measure, Rep. Robert Dornan, R-Calif., said it was just the first of a series of tough AIDS prevention measures that GOP members intend to propose.
The Senate bill doesn't include the language. An aide to Weicker said the surgeon general already has the authority to take steps to protect the public health and the senator would oppose similar amendments.
More than 13,000 Americans have contracted AIDS, most of them homosexuals, intravenous drug users and recipients of blood transfusions contaminated with the AIDS virus. More than half the victims have died from the disease, which attacks the body's immune system. There is no known cure.
Federal officials say there is no evidence the fatal disease is transmitted any way other than through sexual contact or blood exposure. Nonetheless, they say, the disease is spreading rapidly and the number of victims could double in the next year.


End of Document
Page  of 
SYDNEY AFTER AIDS







SYDNEY AFTER AIDS - Correction Appended
Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)
August 1, 1987 Saturday
Late Edition


 Correction Appended

Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd All Rights Reserved
Section: SATURDAY REVIEW; Pg. 41
Length: 2189 words
Byline: David Monaghan
Body


DAVID Charles Ross was Sydney's King of the Steamies. For six years he was owner and master of the Roman Bath, a homosexual sauna renowned for its opulence, taste and - at times - its debauchery.
Two levels of rooms on Pitt Street had made the boy who had left school at 12 a millionaire by the age of 40.
The Bath dripped with ferns and ornate mock-Greek statues, providing comfort and class for the lawyers and office-workers who went there to play.
Ross, a handsome, light-haired man, would carry up to $5,000 cash in his jeans pocket to and from his open-top 1972 Chevelle Malibou. His sex business brought in $250,000 a year.
The money bought him rare antiques, a Wedgwood collection which was the largest outside Britain, silver candelabra and Salvador Dali lithographs - all tastefully displayed in his Chippendale terrace and Potts Point apartments.
David Ross built his fortune on the wave of sexual freedom that swept the gay world in the late 1970s. The Roman Bath, with its swimming pool and cubicles for anonymous sex, grew busy with streams of gay men indulging in sexual behaviour denied them for generations.
But on April 14 this year, David Ross sat alone in the blue-carpeted Federal Court in Queens Square. Closer to shouting than to to crying, he told a bankruptcy hearing:
"I have $140 in the bank and I've just borrowed $500 to pay the rent. All my black shoes have holes in them and this jacket I am in is five years old... How do I get to the end of this? I am dying. I want an end of it. I am terminally ill and I am dying. I want an end of it."
In the bankruptcy brief in front of him, Mr Brian Skinner, official trustee for bankruptcy, stared at the hand-written note on hospital letterhead: "To whom it may concern, Mr David Ross has Karposi's Sarcoma (an AIDS-associated cancer) diagnosed in April 1986. His condition is terminal. Yours sincerely, Dr David Cooper."
The fall of the Roman Bath empire is a story of money, sex, and a lingering, wasting disease called AIDS. It is a parable for the fate of the business world that revolves around gay Sydney.
Twenty years ago, homosexuals hid by night inside the closets of discreet bars, "toilet beats" and contact groups disguised as social clubs.
Clubs including the Knights of Chameleon, the Polynesian and the Boomerang funded toys for boys' homes with parties where men danced cheek to cheek.
The 60s, like the decade before, was a time when men in drag hid in the boots of cars to go to parties. Newspapers used the legal description"unnatural acts" in homosexual court cases. The word "gay" was not yet in public currency.
Then came Flower Power and a 60s permissiveness that began for heterosexuals with the contraceptive pill. Social mores started to change.
Kings Cross for years had been the home of drag queens, flamboyant homosexuals who dressed like women. In 1972, the Barrel Inn opened in Challis Avenue, frequented by the leather men.
A mock-Spanish villa became home for the South Pacific Motor Club. Macho-dressed men were served beer by Ron Hawkins, the bartender who later became co-owner of the business.
Hawkins, now 37, recalls: "It was a lot more subdued then. There was only Capriccio's on Oxford Street, Les Girls and Enzos in Paddington. The only other place you'd meet people was parks and beats."
The emergence of the Australian macho homosexual matched the US trend.
According to a gay historian: "There was a move to anal sex, away from the schoolboy-type mutual masturbation."
As homosexuals came out into the open, gay-bashing started. Rick, who ran away from his Bathurst home at 15 to join a gay bikers' group in the early 1970s, recalls: "We'd go from the Barrel Inn to Capriccio's on Oxford Street, but always by taxi to avoid the bashers." He was thrown down three flights of stairs one night by a roaming gang of heterosexual men, and broke three ribs.
In 1972, the ABC program Chequerboard shocked Sydney by revealing that the secretary of the Mosman parish of the Anglican Church had "married" his male housemate. The secretary was sacked.
A male student at the University of NSW was told to leave after he admitted his homosexuality in 1974. The Builders Labourers' Federation put a "pink ban"on the university.
Oxford Street became the heart of gaydom, led by Capriccio's sophisticated drag shows rivalling Les Girls. Kings Cross was limited by high rents and its established criminal hierarchy.
Capriccio's had been taken over in 1969 by a crusty lesbian called Dawn O'Donnell, in partnership with the French chef Roger Claude. In 1974 the pair took over a failed gentlemen's club on Crown Street and called it Jools.
O'Donnell was one of three key business people who were shaping the gay Sydney venues. She went on to open Patches disco in Oxford Street in 1976, while David Ross took over an upstairs bar nearby and called it Tropicana -later to become the Midnight Shift. Barry Cecchini, a Qantas flight steward, poured his superannuation into the first openly gay pub, the Beresford Hotel in Bourke Street.
With the bars came another underground - the backrooms, where group sex was practised. From 1977, back-rooms such as the Signal Bar, the Barracks, the Pits and Club 80 hosted orgies which became less restrained as the decade wore on. Leather gear, harnesses and the accessories - until then seen only in overseas magazines - became an established part of the scene.
Sydney was the gay capital of Australia.
The head of the Albion Street AIDS Clinic, Dr Julian Gold, says the backrooms undoubtedly assisted the spread of AIDS, which was thought to have been brought to Australia by a visitor in 1979.
Ross Coleman, a Sydney choreographer, recalls a visit to Club 80 in about 1979:
"I went there with a friend who surprised me by coming out dressed all in leather. When we went inside it was very dark, but there were all these groping hands. I saw my friend had set himself up in a sling ..."
By 1981, a University of NSW anthropology student, Michael Christian, wrote a detailed study paper on the scene. He observed:
"They operate as normal licensed premises (or allegedly by police bribe)and are set up generally in the following fashion: one enters a bar via a partition which conceals it from the doorway; the bar-room floor is covered with sawdust and the bar walls are bespattered with posters of naked men in erotic positions. Pool tables and electronic games line one wall, or are located so as to give the clients maximal opportunity to 'cruise' with some discretion. There is an adjoining room in which men indulge in their particular sexual pastime. Here slings (a leather and chain hammock) are often set up."
One of the regulars at the Signal Bar, run by Eastern Suburbs leather fetishist David Beschi, says he saw police collect paper bags stuffed with money.
"On various visits I saw a hooded leather man roaming the crowds offering himself to anybody who wanted him."
Another customer remembers a leather-bound man was writhing from a ceiling brace and another was chained to a mock-torture rack.
Today, AIDS has left its mark in all districts of the gay community. The orgies have almost disappeared in the face of death, but the sex goes on.
The cubicles at the Toolshed, a "restricted premises" where men once had sex while watching pornographic videos on wall-mounted television sets, are empty. Condoms are given out at the door and the sex tends to be solitary.
While group sex appears to have diminished, the party-and-disco scene has expanded. Alcohol sales figures give the game away. On the list of outlets whose bar sales are recorded by the NSW Liquor Administration, The Midnight Shift has risen 22 places in the past three years, the Oxford Hotel is up 77 places, the Flinders Hotel has crept up seven, and the Albury Hotel has leapt 67 slots up in the rankings.
A previously "straight" hotel, the Newtown, went from 534th on the list to 396th after turning gay after 1984.
Last Saturday night the upstairs bar at The Midnight Shift had a crowd of 400, packed around a 40-by-15-metre dance floor. At the Outpost leather bar, one of the regulars admits he carried his leather hat and chaps in a Coles shopping bag rather than wear them on the bus.
Saunas have become more imaginative in the face of AIDS. In the Club 253 Spa, three levels of a steamroom in a back lane off Oxford Street, backgammon and Chinese checkers have taken over from the Sunday afternoon orgies. The games are played in front of a video screen that shows a no-holds- barred, 12-minute film on safe sex procedures. Condoms are issued free to customers.
Mr Rick Stone, the spa's manager, estimates general sauna business is down by half from 1979.
But he is not sorry. He says the changed scene has resulted in more caring relationships. "Back then, no-one would want to know your name, not even take you out to dinner. They'd just want to screw. Now, the saunas are becoming more social centres than just sex centres."
The manager of the KKK sauna at Kensington was one of the first to join the gay committee to fight AIDS. He is certain his sauna is now doing more to stop the spread of AIDS through readily available safe sex leaflets and free condoms than if it were forcibly closed down.
"They just go back to doing it in public toilets," he said.
One of the most controversial areas of the gay scene is the continued practice of unprotected sex. Several informants told the Herald of commercial establishments where they had witnessed incidents of unsafe sex.
But they emphasised that shutting such places would serve little purpose. "At least if they are going there we have a chance to catch them," one informant said. "Out on the beats it would be impossible."
Male prostitution, at first sent reeling when AIDS struck, has since recovered with the assistance of the condom. Brett's Boys, Thoroughbreds and Buddies all report business as usual.
Ricky, the manager of Brett's Boys, said this week: "In 1984 at the height of the AIDS publicity, business fell alarmingly. We were doing 20, 30 clients a day. In a week after a big newspaper scare, we did about one."
But business has picked up - and the number of escort agencies has multiplied - since the agencies have insisted on condoms.
Sydney has been the worst-hit Australian city in the AIDS epidemic, with more than 200 out of 310 deaths. Five hundred more are terminally ill.
Ross Criche, the owner of the Outpost, Sydney's last leather bar and a former nurse, says: "It is affecting a bar-owner personally when every month you'll notice there is an empty stool where one of your regulars should be."
Two of the dying are the businessmen who have profited from homosexual sex. David Ross, once owner of both the Roman Bath and the KKK saunas as well as the Paddington Green Hotel, is being cared for by a friend in Bondi. Another, who has profited from his share in two gay businesses, is living out his days in an out-of-town retreat.
The Paddington Green now hosts meetings of a group of virus-infected men called Body Positive.
Michael Glynn, the former private-school teacher who started Sydney's first gay newspaper, The Star, and ran the invitation-only sex group called The Club, also has AIDS.
Glynn's partner in The Club, John Galletly, died of AIDS two weeks ago. Galletly had been the president of the Bobby Goldsmith Foundation, which gave financial assistance to victims.
Glynn nursed his lover in his arms as he died of AIDS last year and has seen 20 other friends die in Sydney.
He regrets nothing of the promiscuous years: "We were breaking new sexual frontiers. Someone had to throw off Victorian morals. Now gays are leading everyone in education, and the saunas and the like are the only places where you can disseminate information about AIDS."
But in the shadowy world of the gays, where sex and love continues amid the chill, there are sparks of optimism. The emphasis now appears to be on caring.
Says Ross Criche: "AIDS isn't going to kill us off. It has started us talking and caring more. A good thing is going to come out of this plague yet."
CLOSED GAY VENUES
Querelle, off Oxford Street
Ruby Reds, off Oxford Street
Club 45, Oxford Street
The Handlebar, Oxford Street
The Old Bank, Oxford Street
Flo's Palace, Oxford Street
The Barracks, Taylor Square
The Pits, off Oxford Street
The Signal Bar, Crown Street, Darlinghurst
Club 80, Oxford Street
The Roman Bath, Pitt Street, City
All closed the last seven years.
INSIDE GAY SYDNEY
1. Male prostitutes: Buddies/
De Sades, Bondage, S & M.
2. Exchange Hotel.
3. Patchs, disco.
4. Toolshed, sex shop and backroom.
5. Midnight Shift Tavern , disco.
6. Numbers Bookshop, backroom.
7. The Den, backroom. (Formerly Flo's Palace, Hell Fire Club).
8. Oxford Gym.
9. Value Funerals. AIDS
death specialist.
10. Sydney Casual Male Share
Accommodation (Hostel).
11. Oxford Hotel, disco and bar.
12. Numbers 2, backroom.
13. Annabels. Straight-turned-gay disco (formerly Caprichio's).
14. 253 Club Spa and sauna.
15. Albury Hotel, bars, restaurants
and drag shows.
16. Unicorn Hotel, disco, drag shows.
17. Outpost, Leather/Denim bar.
18. Flinders Hotel, drag shows.
19. AIDS Clinic: Albion Street Centre.
20. Edward Mannor Luxury
Accommodation.
21. Stockade Guest House.
Correction


Cecchini's bar
A map accompanying a report on gay Sydney, published on August 1, inadvertently included Cecchini's bar, Newtown.
Correction-Date: October 1, 1987

Graphic

 
Table: Closed gay venues Map: Inside gay Sydney - Paddington and Newtown





June 1981 -- AIDS is recognized as a distinct disease after doctors in Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco report outbreaks of what appeared to be a rare form of pneumonia in male homosexuals.
June 11, 1982 -- Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta reports identifying 355 cases of rare cancer, pneumonia and other ''opportunistic'' infections that came to be known as AIDS in the last 12 months.
Dec. 10, 1982 -- CDC reports evidence that AIDS can be spread via blood products.
Feb. 15, 1983 -- Total of 1,082 cases of AIDS had been reported to the CDC.
March 4, 1983 -- Public Health Service recommends sexually active homosexual or bisexual men with multiple partners be prohibited from donating or selling blood.
May 12, 1983 -- Scientists at the Pasteur Institute in Paris report discovery of a virus called LAV linked to AIDS; National Cancer Institute and Harvard researchers report an association between a cancer virus and AIDS.
June 14, 1983 -- Health and Human Services Secretary Margaret Heckler designates ''the conquest'' of AIDS the government's No. 1 health priority.
June 27, 1983 -- A total of 1,676 AIDS cases in the United States reported to the CDC, including 650 deaths.
Nov. 21, 1983 -- CDC counts 2,803 AIDS cases with 1,146 deaths.
April 23, 1984 -- Heckler announces that Dr. Robert Gallo of the National Cancer Institute has discovered a virus, called HTLV-3, that apparently causes AIDS. A blood test to detect AIDS is expected to be on the market in six months.
June 20, 1984 -- Government chooses five pharmaceutical firms to develop a blood test for AIDS. At that time, 4,761 cases of AIDS had been diagnosed in the United States with 2,118 deaths.
Jan. 28, 1985 -- A total of 8,057 cases of AIDS reported in the United States, of which 3,863 resulted in death.
March 2, 1985 -- FDA licenses first blood test to detect exposure to the AIDS virus.
July 22, 1985 -- CDC says 11,871 AIDS cases reported, of which 5,917 resulted in death. CDC says AIDS cases initially appeared to double ever six months, but says more recently it seems to be doubling ever 12 months.
July 23, 1985 -- Reagan administration discloses it will seek to boost by 50 percent AIDS research funds, but public health officials tell Congress the additional $37.8 million is insufficient and would hardly begin to halt the epidemic.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS: Virus of Fear; San Francisco and AIDS _ 98 Percent of Victims Are Gay







AIDS: Virus of Fear;
San Francisco and AIDS _ 98 Percent of Victims Are Gay
The Associated Press
September 15, 1985, Sunday, BC cycle


Copyright 1985 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 573 words
Byline: By KATHLEEN MACLAY, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


San Francisco has the country's second highest total of AIDS victims, behind only New York. Not surprisingly, for a city that for years has been a mecca to homosexuals, 98 percent of the cases are gay or bisexual men.
The remaining 2 percent fall within the now well-known profile of intravenous drug users, hemophiliacs and others who receive blood transfusions, and children of high-risk users.
The baffling illness has killed 706 people here in four years.
Officials estimate 15 percent of the city's approximately 720,000 residents are gay men and at high risk of getting AIDS.
"Everyone I know talks about 'safe sex' and how he has altered his lifestyles for sex," said Tim Wolfred, executive director of the AIDS Foundation.
There have been other changes. As out-of-town homosexuals pour into the city seeking medical help for AIDS, others flee the tight-knit gay community and the potential for contracting AIDS that casual sex appears to foster.
Many who remain are trying to fight the disease. "We're all in this lifeboat together," said veteran police officer Paul Siedler, a homosexual.
In August, 67 new cases of AIDS were reported, with 39 deaths attributed to the disease, said health department spokesman Paul Barnes. Altogether, 1,377 San Franciscans have contracted AIDS since July 1981.
Approximately $9 million is being spent this year by the San Francisco Board of Supervisors for AIDS tests, treatment, emergency housing, hospice programs, counseling, research and public education. The board is considering an ordinance that would ban discrimination against AIDS victims in housing and employment.
Siedler said some city police, deputies and firefighters remained apprehensive about dealing with AIDS victims in the street, on the job and in jail, so the San Francisco Sheriff's Department is preparing an educational training tape.
When a test to indicate exposure to the HTLV-III virus, widely believed to cause AIDS, was offered at no cost, early surveys said 70 percent of the city's homosexuals would take it. But only a fraction of that number have been tested due to fears about confidentiality, according to private health consultant and former city health director Dr. Mervyn Silverman.
"Even so, I think there's been an incredible change in behavior," Silverman said, citing reports that 80 percent of the city's gay and bisexual men have moderated sexual practices to guard against AIDS.
"If there were a real solid diagnostic test and if there were anti-viral drugs, I think people would be rushing to take the tests," Wolfred said.
Gay men from around the country are coming here with hopes of more informed medical care, said Siedler. "If you're gay in Salt Lake City, where are you going to go?" he said.
San Francisco General Hospital established an AIDS ward in 1983. The ward averages 27 to 30 patients today, said spokeswoman Gloria Rodriguez. "We feel very strongly about the fact that we are probably the most experienced hospital in the country with AIDS patients," she said.
In two years, Siedler has collected $20,000 to buy slippers, lotion, toothbrushes and teddy bears for AIDS victims at the hospital. "They're not forgotten. We as a community are standing behind them," he said.
Health services may lure some but not all, said Wolfred.
"Urban life in general has its stresses. … You throw in something like the AIDS epidemic and it adds another factor for people to opt for a more bucolic setting," he said.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS activists, officials meet at 'AIDS summit'







AIDS activists, officials meet at 'AIDS summit'
United Press International
July 8, 1989, Saturday, BC cycle


Copyright 1989 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 696 words
Byline: By PEG BYRON
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


AIDS activists Saturday met government health officials they have sharply criticized in the past in a conference to discuss new approaches to research on the deadly disease.
Clinicians from cities including Atlanta, Miami, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Portland, Ore., as well as New York shared worries about growing numbers of patients dying faster because they have been unable to get adequate health care without private insurance.
Billed as an AIDS summit, the weekend conference, which included Dr. Burton Lee, President Bush's personal doctor and AIDS adviser and activists who disrupted the recent international AIDS conference, was being held at Columbia University.
''It's a marriage between a brain trust and people in the trenches,'' said Lee, who commended community activists, whose community-based clinics helped inspire the recently announced two-track system for testing and distribution of promising AIDS drugs.
Lee also said two new members of the President's AIDS Commission have been chosen and while refusing to reveal their identities, said the activists would be very pleased.
Lee said he and Bush do not speak much about the disease. ''We don't talk a great deal about AIDS,'' Lee said. ''He is a very, very sympathetic man to everything going on at this table.''
The conference, called ''Organizing Community Based Clinical Trials: Models for the AIDS Epidemic,'' placed about 150 federal health officials, drug industry representatives and AIDS activists face to face to discuss methods of research for new drugs.
The activists argued that using death and the development of potentially fatal infections to determine the effectiveness of a drug was too long a process. There are quicker and more humane methods that must be used, they said.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergies and Infectious Diseases, which is part of the National Institutes of Health, said death and potentially fatal infections remained the classic endpoints for a study.
Fauci said he would meet in the next week with the NIH, FDA, community groups and Bristol-Meyers Co. to discuss long awaited start of trials of the promising new anti-viral drug Dideoxyinosine, or DDI.
To date only AZT has been licensed to fight the AIDS virus itself and activists have been pressing for additional drugs to get on the market, but the decision about testing for DDI has not yet been made.
''Time is short, we have people … who are waiting desperately for DDI,'' said Mathilde Krim, of the American Foundation for AIDS Research.
Michael Callen, co-founder of the Community Research Initiative of New York, which organized the conference with the County Community Consortium of San Francisco, said community-based drug trials were important to AIDS research.
''The recent approval of pentamidine, which was tested in trials run by CRI and CCC, illustrates the value of community-based AIDS drug trials,'' said Callen.
Pentamidine is the first drug ever to win FDA approval through a community-based clinical trial and is highly effective in treating Pneumocystis Carinii Pneumonia, the leading cause of death among people with AIDS.
The activists, some of whom interrupted the international AIDS conference in Montreal last month, have been pushing for quicker tests for DDI, which is similar to AZT but reportedly less toxic.
Dr. Samuel Broder, of the National Cancer Institute, welcomed the criticism but said his staff needed to be treated like ''a delicate sauce.''
''Heat and stir frequently but do not boil!''
''I personally believe AIDS and HIV infection will be curable disorders,'' Broder said.
Some doctors worried that Fauci's parallel track drug testing plan would be relegated to community-based clinics, relieving major medical centers of responsibilities for indigent AIDS patients.
Fauci assured them that would not happen and in his dinner speech expressed a change in philosophy at the National Insititues for Health.
''The NIH is not in the business of health care delivery,'' he said. ''But when you reach a point when you can't seperate the two (health care delivery and research), you shouldn't stop what you're doing with one. You should try to put them together.''


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS-HEARING; Witnesses named for AIDS hearing







AIDS-HEARING; Witnesses named for AIDS hearing
Business Wire
August 13, 1987, Thursday


Copyright 1987 Business Wire, Inc
Length: 402 words
Dateline: SACRAMENTO, Calif.
Body


Fifteen expert witnesses in fields ranging from health to law enforcement to job discrimination are expected to testify at a Special Assembly Hearing on AIDS, Assembly Speaker Willie L. Brown Jr. and Assemblyman Curtis Tucker (D-Inglewood) announced.
The informational hearing is set for 1 p.m. Monday, Aug. 17, in room 4202 of the state Capitol.
Assemblyman Tucker, as chairman of the Health Committee, will serve as chairman for the Special Hearing. Other hearing committe members will be the chairman and vice chairman of five key policy committees scheduled to consider AIDS bills later in the week.
The witnesses will be grouped according to special areas of expertise. They are:
-- General Medical Care:
Dr. Marcus A. Conant, chairman of the State Task Force on AIDS and professor of dermatology at UC-San Francisco School of Medicine; Dr.  Carl Smith, Contra Costa County Health Officer and chairman of the epidemiology and disease control committee of the California Conference of Local Health Officers; Michael Asher, California Department of Health Services, division of laboratory field services; Dr. Charles Gessert of the Valley Medical Center, Fresno, and director, Area Health Education Center, and Dr. Thomas M. Mundy, pediatric rheumatologist and immunologist, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles.
-- Services and Financing:
Michael Weinstein, Los Angeles AIDS Hospice Committee; John Mortimer, director of government affairs, AIDS Project of Los Angeles, and Steve Schulte, city councilman, West Hollywood.
-- AIDS and Minority Communities:
Dr. German Maisonet, medical director and consultant, Los Angeles Minority AIDS Project; Veronica Thompson, health educator, preventive health services, Watts Health Foundation Inc., and Dr. Wilbert Jordan, assistant dean and director, graduate medical education, Drew Medical Clinic, Los Angeles.
-- Discrimination and Law Enforcement:
Anne Jennings, deputy California attorney general, AIDS task force, San Francisco; David Schulman, deputy city attorney, Los Angeles City Attorney's AIDS Ordinance Enforcement Unit.
-- Labor and Insurance:
Dr. Ralph W. Alexander, corporate medical director, Pacific Bell, San Francisco and Brad Wenger, representative, Association of California Life Insurance Cos.
CONTACT: Office of the Speaker, Sacramento
            Susan Jetton, 916/445-8780             


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS Costs Gauged







AIDS Costs Gauged
Facts on File World News Digest
February 7, 1986


Copyright 1986 Facts on File, Inc.
Section: MISCELLANEOUS;Medicine
Length: 417 words
Body


A U.S. study released Jan. 9 said the first 10,000 AIDS (acquired immune deficiency syndrome) cases in the U.S. would result in costs to the economy of some $6.3 billion. Critics questioned the high figure and warned that the fight against AIDS would be best served through unexaggerated data.
The report had been prepared by the federal Centers for Disease Control and the San Francisco Department of Public Health. It covered the first 10,000 cases of AIDS in the U.S. since the disease was first diagnosed in 1980 and drew on findings from San Francsico, New York City and Philadelphia.
According to the study, AIDS victims had lost $189 million in earnings because of disability. Premature death had cost them potential earnings of $4.6 billion, while their hospital costs had reached $1.4 billion. Per AIDS patient, that had come to an average of $147,000 spent on hospital care. The study did not include home care, medication, psychiatric counseling or laboratory fees.
AIDS and other infectious diseases together accounted for less than 5% of what disease cost the country. Accordingly, the report found that "the impact of AIDS on total health-care costs nationally is not yet that great." (However, a report by the American Hospital Association warned of a "time bomb" for hospital finances as AIDS cases continued to climb. The report was published Jan. 11.)
Some health care experts held that the CDC paper had exaggerated the costs of AIDS. Their misgivings were reported Jan. 19. By one account, the $1.6 billion in hospital expenses was twice the correct figure. The Gay Men's Health Crisis in New York City warned against "overreaction to the costliness of AIDS. We need to be mindful of the cost of treating other illnesses . . . We know they're costly, but we don't talk about it too much."
In other developments:
 * An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll found that 18% of unmarried adults said fear of AIDS had caused them to change their sexual habits. Among those married, the figure was just 3%. Fifty percent of the respondents with new habits reported greater reliance on condoms; 90% said they had become more cautious in choosing partners and seeking encounters. The findings were reported Jan. 22.
 * A poll released Jan. 9 by the American Association of Blood Banks found that 34% of respondents believed that they could contract AIDS by donating blood. Blood banks across the country reported that a shortage apparently brought on by this fear still persisted. [See 1985, p. 857C2]


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS Researchers Produce Computer Textbook on AIDS







AIDS Researchers Produce Computer Textbook on AIDS
The Associated Press
October 10, 1987, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1987 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 219 words
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


A computer "textbook" with the latest information on AIDS can now be dialed up by health-care professionals and others who need expert data on the disease, medical officials say.
About 50 AIDS specialists spent two years on research and editing to complete the data base, the project's organizers said Friday.
"For instance, perhaps a school official wants to know how to handle a child in school who has AIDS, or a physician in the Midwest is seeing a possible AIDS case for the first time and is not sure what to do. We have sections to deal with these issues," said Dr. Philip T. Cohen, editor and coordinator of the project.
The AIDS Knowledge Base, available by telephone-computer modem, is being marketed as an on-line data base by a private vendor, BRS Information Technologies.
Covered by it are such subjects as epidemiology and transmission of the AIDS virus, testing for the virus, infections, malignancies, AIDS-related complex, pediatric cases, health policy issues, public education, prevention strategies and ethical issues.
The information will be updated quarterly. The copyright is owned by the Massachusetts Medical Society, which publishes the New England Journal of Medicine.
The Medical Society soon will market a compact disc version which will run on a personal computer equipped with a CD-ROM drive.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS for kids







AIDS for kids
United Press International
July 17, 1987, Friday, BC cycle


Copyright 1987 U.P.I.
Section: Entertainment
Length: 673 words
Byline: By MARK SCHWED, UPI TV Editor
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


One hour before America crowns the sweetest teen queen in the land, CBS will offer the flip side of the beauty pageant fantasy -- a touching fact-filled story about a good kid infected by the AIDS virus.
This was not the way it was supposed to happen. ''An Enemy Among Us,'' airing Tuesday, July 21 (8-9 p.m. EDT), was originally scheduled in the daytime as a CBS Schoolbreak Special.
But CBS Entertainment President B. Donald ''Bud'' Grant recognized the opportunity to reach a much larger audience by presenting it right before the ''Miss Teen USA'' pageant that evening. Kids and their parents would be watching. Now they'll get the facts, then the fantasy.
''An Enemy Among Us,'' starring Danny Nucci as the kid, Dee Wallace Stone as his mother and Gladys Knight as a doctor, is quality with a capital ''Q.''
It starts out timidly. CBS takes the easy way out. This boy is not gay, nor is he shooting heroin or having sex with AIDS infected hookers on 42nd Street. He got the AIDS virus from a blood transfusion after a bike accident three years earlier.
This way, it's easier to feel empathy for Scott, even though most people get AIDS from sex or intravenous drug use, not blood transfusions. But that's the only drawback to this sensitive special.
Scott (Nucci) is a good 16-year-old kid who has a swell life. He's learning to drive, he is popular at school, he has a pretty girlfriend, he's on the school baseball team.
But when doctors tell him he has the HIV virus that causes AIDS, his beautiful life begins to unravel.
His school throws him out, he's off the baseball team and his parents' best friends ban Scott from seeing their daughter, Karen.
On the one side we get the stigma, the hysteria and the fear caused by the epidemic of ignorance about AIDS. On the other hand, ''An Enemy Among Us'' uses the fear to inform and educate in a tasteful manner.
Scott has a 30 percent chance or higher of developing AIDS. He does not have the symptoms yet -- sweating at night, dramatic weight loss, swelling of glands. He is not contagious. To spread, AIDS must get into the blood stream. There are several ways this can happen: through sexual intercourse, dirty needles and transfusions of contaminated blood.
There is no cure.
Much of the information is spread by Knight, the singer who makes her dramatic television debut as Dr. Donna Robinson, the chief immunologist and AIDS educator. She talks to the school administration about getting Scott back into the classroom and finally speaks to the kids about the myths.
Knight makes a pip of a professor and this is where the program and CBS become bold. There is frank language, thankfully, about AIDS.
AIDS doesn't care if you're straight, gay or bisexual, rich or poor, black or white, American or Swahili. It is spread through vaginal, anal and oral sexual contact and the exchange of body fluids like semen, blood and vaginal fluids. Although the AIDS virus is present in saliva and tears, there have been no known cases of transmission from either.
In the classroom with the kids, Knight gets across her message.
''Use of condoms or rubbers can greatly reduce the risk of spreading AIDS and of catching it,'' she says. ''But the best way of all is to hold off on sex until you're older, married or committed to someone who can share the responsibility of this act of love.
''… The freewheeling '60s and '70s are over.''
That's highly unusual talk from the networks. It recognizes that kids have sex (about a million unmarried teens will become pregnant this year), that sex is a healthy part of relationships even when people are not married.
''An Enemy Among Us'' is an intelligently made special that airs in the perfect time slot -- the so-called family hour. It's also an excellent forum for spreading some truth about AIDS.
Truth and honesty go a long way toward eliminating the fear and making us more humane. Television will play a powerful role in spreading the facts about a major world problem.
The bottom line in this special is that AIDS victims are not freaks. They are human beings.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS bills alarm Florida gay activists







AIDS bills alarm Florida gay activists
United Press International
April 8, 1988, Friday, PM cycle


Copyright 1988 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 483 words
Byline: By MICHAEL MOLINE
Dateline: TALLAHASSEE, Fla.
Body


Gay rights activists say they are alarmed that proposed AIDS legislation in Florida, which includes quarantine provisions, might promote harassment of homosexuals and people who are believed gay.
Bills being drafted by select committees in both the House and Senate include quarantine requirements, although their authors are avoiding the ''Q-word.'' Lawmakers insist their efforts will target only AIDS carriers determined to transmit the disease to others.
''You have to be committing another crime and have AIDS to get into this program,'' Sen. William ''Doc'' Myers, chairman of the Senate panel, said Thursday. The provision applies ''if you are a prostitute or intravenous drug abuser or engage in abnormal sexual activity or lifestyle that is against the law.''
Myers, R-Hobe Sound, said police might be encouraged to step up enforcement of Florida's sodomy law.
If that happens, one of the groups at highest risk of infection with AIDS would be driven underground, out of reach of the extensive education campaign also envisioned by both bills, said Jo Deutsch, lobbyist for the Florida Task Force, a gay rights organization.
Deutsch envisioned stepped up police surveillance of gay bars and neighbors informing police of neighbors they suspect are homosexuals. The National Gay Task Force has reported a sharp increase in violent attacks against homosexuals since the onset of the AIDS epidemic.
''If the end result is an increase in gay-bashing, you are not doing anything to combat AIDS,'' Deutsch said. ''You are promoting scare tactics, and that is not what we need right now.''
Prostitutes and others could avoid confinement by using condoms, which restrict transmission of human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, the cause of AIDS. Myers conceded there might be problems determining when suspects have used the devices.
House committee chairwoman Lois Frankel envisions a much smaller quarantine program than the Senate, which includes $1.1 million for two quarantine wards. Frankel, D-West Palm Beach, opposes creating the wards but Gov. Bob Martinez has endorsed the idea.
''I don't really believe the governor is calling for the wholesale quarantine of people with AIDS,'' Frankel said during hearings Thursday. ''He's talking about a small minority'' of carriers who intentionally transmit the disease.
The Senate bill refers to ''hospitalization, placement and isolation'' of persons who violate an already existing state law against knowingly infecting an unsuspecting person with a sexually transmitted disease.
Confinement would last between five and 180 days, under the Senate bill, and violators would also be subject to jail terms of up to one year. The House bill provides for confinement of up to 60 days. Both bills require ''clear and convincing'' evidence of the wrongdoing.
State law already requires convicted prostitutes be tested for sexually transmitted diseases, including AIDS.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS testing







AIDS testing
The Advertiser
June 22, 1987 Monday


Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 252 words
Body


I AM not surprised that the president of the SA branch of the AMA, Dr L. L. Hoare, considers nurses to be ill-informed on AIDS.
 If the nurses' views don't agree with his, then naturally they must be "ill-informed and not based on medical fact".
Who are nurses to question him?
 Routine AIDS tests for all patients and staff may save the doctor from taking normal hygiene precautions advocated by health authorities to stop the spread of the AIDS virus in hospitals. He need then only apply those precautions to patients who have an "AIDS" tag hanging from their neck.
 No, Dr Hoare, nurses have based their policy on AIDS on scientific data published by such authorities as the Centres for Disease Control, Atlanta, US.
 The facts are that AIDS is caught mainly through sexual intercourse with an infected person - not a likely event in a hospital. Research studies (which are reported in medical journals) show that hospital staff are at risk through exposure to blood which could be carrying the AIDS virus.
 Thus all staff, including doctors, should treat blood from all patients as having a potential for causing AIDS infection and also other blood-borne infections such as hepatitis B.
 By taking recognised precautions we can ensure that staff are not occupationally infected with AIDS. AIDS testing for other than clinical reasons is only a costly exercise and will not stop the transfer of the virus from patients or staff. Certainly there is no need to overreact.
R. E. LAHAINER,
Infection Control Nurse,
Parkside.





The United States has dropped the formal designation of Haitians as high-risk AIDS carriers, but their identification with the feared disease lingers on.
"The damage is already done," said Michel Voltaire, of the national tourism office here. "It will take time to restore the truth."
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control removed Haitians from its bulletin listing groups with a high risk of carrying acquired immune deficiency syndrome last April.
A CDC official explained that Haitians, although they comprise 3 percent of the known AIDS cases in the United States, were the only group listed as high-risk because of "who they were rather than what they did."
The other designated high-risk groups are homosexual or bisexual men, whose sexual contacts can transmit the virus, and hemophiliacs and intravenous drug abusers, who risk AIDS through infected blood products and hypodermic needles.
The Atlanta-based CDC denied that political pressure, either from Haitian exiles in the United States or from the pro-United States Duvalier government in Haiti, was behind the decision.
Despite the official move, the AIDS link still troubles Haitians, especially the exile community in Miami.
"The Haitian community is suffering. The stigma persists; at work, at home, at school," said Dr. Jean-Claude Desgranges, coordinator of the Haitian Coalition on AIDS in Miami. Some 50,000 Haitians live in southern Florida.
The Haitian immigrants formerly were often employed in restaurant jobs. But misconceptions about AIDS have reduced opportunities for them in food-handling jobs, Haitian exile leaders say.
The Haitian government also was concerned about the impact on tourism in this nation of almost 6 million people, the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere.
Some 125,000 tourists visit annually. Tourism industry officials say the number of visitors has declined by about 10 percent since 1981, although they acknowledge that the international recession and negative publicity about Haiti's repressive political situation also contributed to the decrease.
Haitian officials had at first denied the AIDS link, claiming Haiti had no homosexuals. But in 1983, Haitian police closed down a gay bar and cracked down on other reputed gay hangouts.
The government also opened an AIDS research center whose scientists have cooperated with the CDC.
Dr. Victor LaRoche, a former Haitian Red Cross director who was named health minister three months ago, said he had no statistics on the incidence of AIDS in Haiti because government teams were still compiling information.
No clear reason has been established for the Haitian AIDS link, either in research here or in the United States. Among the theories advanced by U.S. researchers:
 The disease was introduced by vacationing homosexuals from New York who paid Haitians for sex.
 The widespread practice of voodoo worship, which often involves bloodletting, contributed to the spread.
 Poor hygiene and sanitation here helped advance the disease.
LaRoche said officials are trying to educate the public about AIDS and remove the psychological impact in a society where homosexuality is frowned upon.
"Anyone in Haiti who comes down with AIDS will find that our public hospital of the University of Haiti offers humane and understanding care and treatment for victims," LaRoche said.
"AIDS is a frightening problem in Haiti," he said, but he added that the disease is "now a global problem, with no country immune."


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS claims







AIDS claims
Business Insurance
October 23, 1989


Copyright 1989 Crain Communications, Inc.
Section: WASHINGTON; Pg. 26
Length: 656 words
Body


Payments on AIDS-related health and life insurance claims continued to increase in 1988, but still comprise only a fraction of overall claims reported, a new survey says.
The survey released by the Washington, D.C.-based American Council of Life Insurance and Health Insurance Assn. of America reports payments for individual life insurance claims related to acquired immune deficiency syndrome rose to an estimated $ 135.5 million last year, up 3.6% from $ 130.8 million in 1987 (BI, Feb. 27).
And, AIDS-related group life insurance claims paid by insurers totaled an estimated $ 155.5 million in 1988, up 17.4% from $ 132.5 million the previous year.
Individual accident and health insurance claims paid by insurers also soared to an estimated $ 50.3 million, up 40.1% from $ 35.9 million, while group accident and health claims rose to an estimated $ 248.6 million in 1988, up 32.2% from $ 188 million in 1987, the survey said.
Figures are based on reports of 274 insurers responding to the ACLI-HIIA survey.  Researchers extrapolated from these to estimate payments for the entire life and health insurance industry.
Among responding companies, AIDS-related claims were only 1.1% of all individual life insurance claims paid in 1988; 1.6% of all group life insurance claims paid; 0.9% of all individual accident and health insurance claims paid; and 0.8% of all group accident and health insurance claims paid.
That is slightly higher than in 1987, when the comparable figures were 1.2% for individual life; 1.4% for group life; 0.7% for individual accident and health; and 0.6% for accident and health.
However, the ACLI-HIIA survey notes that 1987 and 1988 figures are not exactly comparable because some companies responding in 1988 did not participate a year earlier.
The rate of increase for AIDS-related claims is slowing down, the survey reports.
For example, the life and health insurance industry as a whole paid an estimated $ 589.9 million in AIDS-related claims in 1988, up 21.1% from an estimated $ 487.2 million paid in 1987.  Between 1986 and 1987 total life and health claims had risen 66.7%, up from $ 292.2 million.
The survey also found that the average size of AIDS-related claims paid by insurers has changed for two types of life insurance.
The average size of an AIDS-related 1988 group life insurance claim increased to $ 32,400, compared with $ 28,700 in 1987, and $ 27,300 in 1986.
But the size of individual life insurance claims related to AIDS has steadily decreased to $ 19,600 in 1988, from $ 23,500 in 1987, and $ 30,500 in 1986.
Increased use of AIDS testing in life insurance underwriting could account for the decrease in AIDS-related individual life claims, HIAA and ACLI officials suggest.
The ACLI-HIIA survey cautions, though, that the number of AIDS-related claims paid by insurers may be significantly greater than the survey found because the diagnoses are sometimes misstated.
The survey is based on claims that are known to be AIDS related, but some AIDS claims may not be reported as such, the survey notes.
Death certificates, for example, may list the cause of death from an AIDS-related illness as "occurred due to disease," or -- like many New York City death certificates -- as "natural" or "external" causes.
Other claims may be misclassified, the survey contends, because the disease may not be recognized as being AIDS-related, a diagnosis or cause of death may not be precisely stated to signal that a claim is AIDS-related or a diagnosis may not have been made at the time of the claim.
And some claims are purposely misstated for insurance purposes, the survey said.
Copies of the 1988 "ACLI/HIAA AIDS-Related Claims Survey" are available from either Judy Finney, Health Insurance Assn. of America, 1025 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036; 202-223-7786; or Debbie Randolph Chase, American Council of Life Insurance, 1001 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20004; 202-624-2414.


End of Document
Page  of 
Aids draining blood supplies







Aids draining blood supplies
The Guardian (London)
December 4, 1987


Copyright 1987 Guardian Newspapers Limited
Length: 253 words
Byline: By ANDREW VEITCH, Medical Correspondent
Body


 Blood supplies in south London hospitals are perilously scarce, and treatment for Aids patients, who need multiple transfusions, may have to be restricted unless more donors come forward.
 Consumption of blood at St Stephen's Hospital, Chelsea, has doubled in 10 months, due mostly to Aids, Dr Christine Costello and her colleagues reported in today's British Medical Journal.
A big probelm is the Aids drug zidovudine (AZT), they say. About one patient in four needs blood transfusions to counteract anaemia, the main side-effect. More blood is needed for other Aids-related conditions.
 'The South London Transfusion Centre is already badly stretched to provide blood for all patients within the region,' says DR Costello, consultant haematologist at ST Stephen's.
 Unless the number of blood donors increased it might be necessary to restrict the use of zidovudine.
 The number of Aids cases is doubling every 11 months, the Goverenment's national Aids monitoring team at the Communicable Disease Surveillance Centre reports today. 'The rate of increase of new cases shows no sign of slowing down,' says the team in an analysis in the journal of the first 1,000 UK cases.
 They range from five babies born to infected mothers, to a 73-year-old gay man. Half of all Aids patients come from the London area. Most die four months after the disease is diagnosed, though some have survived for three years. More than 80 per cent of patients are gay or bisexual . Heterosexual contact accounts for 22 cases, including 12 women.





SYDNEY - Statements by AIDS expert Professor David Penington were irresponsible and could ruin two years' work by the National Advisory Committee on AIDS, says its chairwoman, Ms Ita Buttrose.
 Professor Penington, who resigned from the committee this week, said he disagreed with the way the committee told Aborigines to protect themselves from the disease.
aap
The committee had suggested changing some rituals such as circumcision and scarification, where the same instrument was used on several people.
 He said the committee had done a lot of very valuable work during the past two years, but he differed with it on certain issues.
 There was a high input into the committee from the gay community and "sometimes issues challenge social and political rights".
 Ms Buttrose said yesterday that addressing the AIDS problem in the Aboriginal community was part of the committee's terms of reference and was ordered by the Minister for Health, Mr Blewett.
 She said as far as she was concerned the rift was between Professor Penington and the Government, not herself and the professor. Other members of the advisory committee supported the education campaign and 170 Aboriginal councils had been asked for their views.
 "Some traditional practices will have to be modified," Ms Buttrose said. "There are some members of the Aboriginal community who have AIDS. They're like everybody else in the community. Aboriginals are entitled to the education program."
 Professor Penington said his heavy workload as the Victorian Health Department's chief policy adviser had contributed to his decision to resign from the committee.





THE effect of AIDS on the television industry could be likened to the effect of sound on silent movies.Suddenly, the rules have changed. That simple clinch could spell death - melodramatic but true - to many producers.
 Hollywood is high on AIDS paranoia and as a result, some of the screen's best-known Casanovas are embracing a whole new set of morals.
 All across the television landscape, from daytime soaps to prime-time serial dramas, there is a concerted push to purge the system of nymphets and Lotharios.From J.R. Ewing on Dallas to Blanche Devereaux on The Golden Girls, no continuing character is safe from "safe sex". One partner to a customer is the rule of thumb in the age of AIDS.
The streets of Miami just will not be the same when Sonny Crockett is married off to Sheena Easton.Mark Harmon has already left St Elsewhere, ostensibly to do films, but being an AIDS victim on the show was a good reason for him to mend his philandering ways and get himself, if not to a nunnery, then at least to an AIDS clinic on the West Coast.
 The changes to US television will affect not only what we see now and in the near future but the development of future shows and characters.
 Australia is in a different position with its locally-produced programs. According to James Davern, executive produver of JNP Films, which produces Seven's A Country Practice, most of Australia's television product falls into the category of nice, wholesome, 7.30 pm family fare: the types of shows that are difficult to come by when buying international product.
 On the other hand, 8.30 pm shows like LA Law, (in which, incidentally, office wolf Arnie Becker starts searching for "commitment") are cheap to buy overseas in comparison to local production costs, and by virtue of their timeslot can deal with issues like AIDS in a more sophisticated way. "7.30's for romantics, 8.30's for realists," Davern says.
 But if ACP were made for an 8.30 pm timeslot, it could "go in boots and all". For the time being though, there are no plans to tackle AIDS on the rural soapie. This is due basically to a lack of information, particularly on the question of heterosexual transmission.Davern says ACP has an "authoritative voice" in the community. "We have a responsibility . . . to do this thing properly," he says.
 One Australian program that has tackled the subject of AIDS is Channel Nine's The Flying Doctors which, in September last year, examined the return to Coopers Crossing of a homosexual war hero (played by Gerard Kennedy). The episode was very well received, not only by the gay community but with two Penguin awards, for Kennedy and writer Tony Morphett, and two commendations - for the series and direction.
 Oscar Whitbread, Flying Doctors' producer, says there was the worry of a lack of accurate information and adds that the disease was easier to assimilate in the form of a "guest" story, treated in a sensitive and sensible fashion. "Our intention was never to do it as social comment for the sake of doing it," Whitbread explains.
 For Rafferty's Rules, filming its second series, the question of AIDS has not arisen, according to Posie Jacobs, the show's producer. "It is of such enormous concern that one will come up with it sooner or later," she says.
 An episode on the subject of incest is in production but so far, none of the writers has suggested AIDS as "a burning concern". When it is tackled, the large proportion of child viewers will be kept in mind."We've got to handle them (issues) with discretion," Jacobs admits. But the bottom line is entertainment."We're not setting out to make educational TV."
But are the nasty viral AIDS organisms likely to run rampant among the good folks of Ramsay St? Neighbours producer Marie Trevor thinks not. As far as she knows, there are no AIDS storylines planned, and although the decision does not rest with her, she does not see the subject as totally appropriate. "Neighbours is a nice, happy, fun sort of show," she says. "A lot of children watch it. I don't know if it (AIDS) would fit." Trevor personally believes AIDS should be done in a later timeslot in more depth.
 BUT AIDS is a phenomenon that US producers just cannot discount in everything from sitcoms to soapies to detective shows. Therefore, promiscuous characters are discovering the joys of monogamy and fidelity.
 It looks like Sam Malone will say "cheers" to his little black book."I don't think he will be as promiscuous as he used to be," says Cheers producer James Burrows. " 'Safe sex' is an important issue now, and it's incumbent on this show, with a philanderer like Sam, to deal with it." Alfred Schneider, vice-president of policy and standards for Capital Cities/ABC, says the new season is marked by "different senses of responsibility and pleasurability. There is still sexuality, but there's a more thoughtful way of looking at it".
 Dynasty, a notable holdover from the days when sex came cheap, "will deal with the problem of AIDS", Schneider says. "I'm not sure when or how, but I know there has been some discussion about that." Even the cop-spoof series, Sledge Hammer (to be screened on Channel Ten next year) found a way to raise the issue. "She ordered me to make love to her at gunpoint.That's not exactly what I call safe sex," Sledge said in an on-air promotion for a recent episode in the US.
 Kim LeMasters, vice-president of programs for CBS Entertainment, has promised a "reduction" of sexual activity in the network's three prime-time serial dramas - Dallas, Knots Landing and Falcon Crest.
 Dallas is not a show that lends itself to doing a "safe sex" episode, he says. "But in the balance of our schedule, I think you will find that we're dealing with it responsibly." US press material may still boast about the "unequalled steam heat of Santa Barbara", but such talk increasingly is more hot air than reality.
 "You're going to have a mention of a condom now and then," NBC's West Coast vice-president of broadcast standards, Maury Goodman says."But in some storylines, characters are going to start saying no, not just because of AIDS, but because there's a moral point to be made there." Mark Torres-Gil, an NBC broadcast standards manager, notes that the network's venerable soap Days of Our Lives is showcasing the teen romance of Billy and Jennifer, "who have made a very conscious decision not to engage in premarital sex. We're going to be seeing more committed relationships and less hopping from bed to bed".
 LA Law, the Emmy-winner as prime time's best dramatic series in the US, opened its first season with two resident womanisers, lawyers Arnie Becker and Douglas Brackman jun. Both are being chastened this season."Arnie will start going through a real process of self-evaluation," Torres-Gil says. "What I see is a search for a real commitment. The problem is that as soon as he gets into a commitment, he runs like a bunny.
 "But the trend is toward his evolving into a much more mature person. Brackman also has a promiscuous past, but he is going to see the negative consequences."
 In a future episode, Goodman says, Brackman will "have an affair and become very concerned about AIDS".
 LA Law was created by Steven Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher, who also developed the new series Hooperman, which will premiere here next year on Channel Ten.It stars John Ritter as a sensitive plainclothes detective, and the pilot episode includes pointed exchanges between an amorous woman cop and an openly gay member of the San Francisco police force. She wants the object of her desires to reverse his sexual orientation and, in her words, "do it with a woman". Bochco says the scenes were provocative but not irresponsible.
 "The only thing that offends me," he says, "is that it's disrespectful for a heterosexual to hit continually on a gay person, because it denies the legitimacy of that person. To me, that's what's dramatic and interesting in that series of exchanges. What doesn't offend me is that he's gay, she isn't, and they're in San Francisco and AIDS is a reality."
 NBC entertainment president Brandon Tartikoff seems to speak for most in the industry when he recently told critics: "There will probably be an overkill, but I would rather have that than to continue pretending that there's nothing different and teenagers are just romping their way through various episodes of shows.
 "Unfortunately, AIDS is a crisis that's going to be with us. We have the most powerful medium known to man. Hopefully we can at least use it to educate."
 END OF STORY

Graphic

 
ILLUSTRATION: SCOTT SLOANE (WITH APOLOGIES TO ROY LICHTENSTEIN)





The CDC's recorded phone message updating the official AIDS toll each month will hit a grim landmark this summer.  As of May 31, 97,193 cases had been reported to the Centers for Disease Control; the 100,000th victim may be added in July.  Some 56,468 of those people have already died.  More than half of the cases are homosexual or bisexual males.  The rate of new infections seems to have stabilized among gays, thanks to safer sexual practices.  But the epidemic is still spreading among blacks, Hispanics, adolescents, i.v. drug users and the universe of those they contact, including spouses and newborn infants.  Critics say the CDC figures are too low -- missing in particular the affluent victims who can afford the discretion of private physicians.
No one knows how many Americans carry HIV (the AIDS virus); estimates range from 500,000 to more than 3 million.  But infection itself may no longer mean an imminent death sentence.  Advancements in treating symptoms of the disease are slowly bringing hope that AIDS may become a manageable, if incurable, illness like cancer or diabetes.  Aerosol pentamidine, approved by the Food and Drug Administration this month, helps avert the form of pneumonia that often kills AIDS patients.  The CDC now recommends that physicians routinely prescribe aerosol pentamidine to people infected with the virus who are not yet ill but show serious signs of immune damage.
That will undoubtedly add to the enormous strain AIDS has already placed on the US health system.  A yearly dose of pentamidine costs $ 1,800; AZT, which halts the spread of the virus, can run $ 7,000 annually, and many AIDS patients are not covered by insurance.  News about the benefits of early intervention has nevertheless prompted some health officials to call for vigorous efforts to trace the sexual and needle partners of those infected.  Some activists see that as a threat to civil rights -- and ultimately futile, without adequate resources to treat those at risk.  Alarming new studies also show that some people may harbor HIV for years before testing positive for antibodies.  The scourge of the disease, and the CDC's sad body counts, are destined to continue in unpredictable ways.

Graphic

 
Picture, 97,193 and still counting, ALON REININGER -- CONTACT


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS Disclosure Criticized







AIDS Disclosure Criticized
The Associated Press
September 25, 1986, Thursday, AM cycle


Copyright 1986 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 367 words
Dateline: MINNEAPOLIS
Body


Health officials have criticized the disclosure by police that a murder victim believed to be a homosexual prostitute carried the AIDS virus.
"The police department should not be in the business of making decisions regarding the public health," Eric Engstrom, executive director the Minnesota AIDS Project, said Wednesday. "This diminishes people's perception of the protection afforded such information."Michael Moen, a member of the state AIDS Task Force who is director of the Minnesota Health Department's division of disease prevention and health promotion, said there is concern about the effect of the police announcement on the health agency's credibility.
"A lot of people may not differentiate between the police and the health department," he said. "To them, it's the government."Police, however, defended the disclosure, saying the public had a right to know that the victim, who they say was a gay prostitute and transvestite, was a carrier of the acquired immune deficiency syndrome virus.
"We have a social obligation to the community … to alert anybody who might have had contact with him" said Capt. Jack McCarthy.
The victim was identified as Floyd Thomas Olson, 30, a transient who was found strangled downtown Tuesday.
If police suspected Olson was a prostitute carrying the virus, "why wasn't this matter brought to the Health Department earlier?" Moen asked.
The lack of a systematic way to identify carriers of the disease and to determine if they are likely to spread it has left Moen and other health officials trying to deal on a case-by-case basis with AIDS carriers who won't cooperate, he said.
Before Wednesday, the Health Department had been aware of two instances of prostitutes who were AIDS carriers. In one case, the person's reluctance to cooperate with health officials resulted in the department getting a court order requiring her to cooperate and to refrain from "high risk" activities.
But there is no precedent for dealing with the case of an AIDS carrier whose "high risk" activities as a prostitute became known only after his murder, Moen said.
At this point, tracking sexual contacts the victim could have had is "probably going to be pretty hard to do," Moen said.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS prevention







AIDS prevention
The Advertiser
November 1, 1986 Saturday


Copyright 1986 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 461 words
Body


SIR - Everyone would agree with Dr Allan A. Meyers (The Advertiser, 23/10/86) that we must do our utmost to limit the spread of AIDS.
However, the proposal which he puts forward - for carrying out "health checks" on arrivals in Australia from places where AIDS is most prevalent - is a total non-starter. It represents a fundamentally wrong approach to AIDS-prevention by attacking civil liberties while taking purely illusory measures to protect public health.
We need to understand that there is no instant test for AIDS which could be used as the basis for "health checks". Indeed, there is no medical test for AIDS as such.
 Instead, the test we have is one which shows whether an individual is "anti-body positive". This term means that the person has come into contact with the AIDS virus.
 While some people who are "anti-body positive" will go on to develop AIDS-related illness and even AIDS itself, many will not.
 It is true that people who are "anti-body positive" are probably capable of transmitting AIDS-virus to others - but only through the intimate exchange of bodily fluids such as takes place during sexual intercourse. The same is true of people with AIDS itself.
 Using the "anti-body" test to screen arrivals would therefore discriminate against a great many individuals merely on the suspicion that they might spread, or themselves develop, a life-threatening disease. So far as human rights are concerned, this would be a very dangerous road to follow even if it were effective. In fact, it is as futile as it is inhumane. It would, moreover, be a total waste of public money.
 The reason for this is that the "AIDS-free" certificates which Dr Meyers supposes that the lucky ones would get from his "health checks" would not be worth the paper they were written on. AIDS is a sexually transmissible disease, and such certificates would be valid only until the next sexual encounter after they had been obtained.
 Moreover, the nature of "anti-body" testing is such that there can be a delay of weeks or even months before an AIDS-contact shows up as a positive reading. The logic of Dr Meyers's proposal would be to quarantine every visitor to this country for upwards of three months.
 Instead of indulging in Dr Meyers's Star-Wars scenario, we need to insist on common sense and humanity. Common sense means making sure that the Government spends money now on alerting the public at large to the danger of contracting AIDS through sexual contact. It also means promoting community awareness that the use of condoms greatly reduces the risk of being infected with AIDS.
 At the same time, humanity dictates that we should stop treating people unfortunate enough to have contracted the disease as social pariahs.
Dr ROGER KNIGHT,
The AIDS Council of SA.





These are the portents of catastrophe:
* As of November 1986, 15,000 Americans had died of AIDS or AIDS-related diseases, 27,000 had been diagnosed as suffering from AIDS and 1.5 million Americans were estimated to be carrying the AIDS virus -- in most cases, without knowing it.
* By 1991, 270,000 Americans will have been diagnosed as having AIDS, the death toll will have risen to 54,000 a year and the virus, in all probability, will have spread to between 5 million and 10 million persons.  How many of those 5 million to 10 million Americans will eventually die of AIDS?  Perhaps half -- but no one really knows.
Dr. David Baltimore, a Nobel Prize-winning biochemist at MIT, put it bluntly, "AIDS is a problem for everyone -- gay and straight, urban and rural.  We are at a critical point in the progress of the epidemic [and] we were quite honestly frightened by the future prospects." Baltimore was cochairman of a special assessment team drawn from the Institute of Medicine and the National Academy of Sciences -- the most prestigious body of scientists in the nation, and a group not inclined to hysteria.  Their conclusion, issued in a 374-page report last week, was simple: the spread of AIDS portends nothing less than a medical and social catastrophe for the United States, and a sharply increased program of research and public education is urgently needed to control the disease.  Still, members of the panel were careful to find some cause for optimism against the ominous thrust of their findings.  AIDS can be prevented from exploding within the heterosexual majority, they said, if the nation acts decisively and soon: meanwhile, there is little risk of infection from casual contact with AIDS victims, and no reason for panic, persecution or draconian legal measures against the homosexual men and intravenous drug users who still make up the "high risk" groups.
The choice: What was not said -- or what was said very softly indeed -- was that the nation no longer can avert catastrophe completely: in plain language, the choice now is between a lesser catastrophe and a very much larger one.  In the view of many gays, the number of deaths among homosexual men is already of catastrophic proportions.  The five-year projections used by the IOM/NAS panel, moreover, are based on conservative estimates of the already existing extent of the AIDS virus and are therefore all but certain to lead to a cumulative total of 179,000 deaths by 1991.  That is a higher death toll, as NAS president Frank Press observed, than the nation suffered in World War I and the Vietnam War combined.  There is little or no likelihood, in their view, that science can produce a cure for AIDS within that period; reliable prevention, in the form of a vaccine, is unlikely in the next five years as well.
As a result, the panel urged a massive national crusade to emphasize the necessity of "safe" sexual practices by all Americans, especially the young.  The message of such an education campaign can be reduced to two gritty precepts.  Random sex of any sort is dangerous.  And all sex outside monogamous relationships with well-known partners should be accompanied by the use of a comdom.  The AIDS virus is present in blood, semen and saliva: it is transmissible during the sex act from man to woman and from woman to man.  Research suggests the AIDS virus has so far made small inroads among the heterosexual population; of currently diagnosed AIDS cases in the United States, only 4 percent are thought to have been transmitted heterosexually.  "That provides a window of opportunity -- but the window will close very quickly if we don't act," said Dr. Stanley Weiss of the National Cancer Institute.  "What happens in the next five years will depend on our success in changing people's attitudes and behaviors.  If we don't succeed, the virus will continue to spread.
Coercive measures: The IOM/NAS group flatly rejected the ideas of a massive national quarantine program or mandatory blood testing to detect the AIDS virus.  Its reasons for doing so, the panel made clear, were a mixture of pragmatism and concern for ethics and civil liberties.  A quarantine would be of little help, the report said, since "those diagnosed with AIDS do not usually pose great danger" of spreading the epidemic further.  Mandatory blood testing "would be impossible to justify now on either ethical or practical grounds," the panel concluded, arguing that those in high-risk groups -- homosexuals, drug addicts or prostitutes -- "are not likely to comply with a mandatory screening program." What is needed is the "voluntary cooperation of individuals who are at risk," the panel concluded." Coercive measures will not solicit this cooperation and could prevent it."
Spending on AIDS-prevention education should rise to $ 1 billion a year by 1991, the report argued, and the federal government should increase its budget for research and public-health measures to $ 1 billion a year as well.  The panel praised much of the government's efforts so far: spending on AIDS research and surveillance has soared from $ 5.5 million in 1982 to an estimated $ 411 million in 1987.  But the panel called public-education efforts "woefully inadequate." They warned of "a lack of cohesiveness and strategic planning throughout the national effort" to combat AIDS and urged the creation of a national commission to direct a war on AIDS in the future.  The report also praised U.S. Surgeon General C. Everett Koop's recent call for much wider sex education for school-children as a "step in the right direction."
The federal response: Speaking for the Reagan administration, Dr. Robert Windom of the Department of Health and Human Services said HHS is "in the process of putting together a strong program for health education, risk reduction and information dissemination" on AIDS.  The 1987 budget for those programs, Windom said, is $ 82 million, though HHS is also seeking support from the American Medical Association and other private groups.
Beyond all that, the study urged Ronald Reagan to make controlling AIDS "a major national goal." But the White House last week reserved comment on the panel's conclusions, and the president's aides seemed to doubt that Reagan would give AIDS the same kind of personal attention he has given to drug abuse.  "Frankly, I don't have a clue what we're going to do, if anything," said one -- and another, asked whether there would be direct involvement by Reagan himself, said, "I don't see that." Reagan, who has made very few public comments on the AIDS crisis, seems somehow squeamish on the issue.
He may yet be forced into it.  Even at its present level the AIDS epidemic threatens to swamp the nation's health-care system with immense costs and an almost unimaginable caseload of slowly dying patients.  AIDS poses profound ethical and legal questions for employers, insurance companies and public officials, and it has become an issue in electoral politics as well.  This week, for example, California voters will decide on Proposition 64, a cunningly crafted referendum item that could force state officials to isolate and quarantine AIDS victims.  Sponsored by the disciples of political extremist Lyndon LaRouche, Proposition 64 seems destined for defeat.  But it may still be a harbinger of a national debate on AIDS -- a debate that could require Reagan, that most cheerful of Middle Americans, to commit his office to controlling this ghastly epidemic.

Graphic

 
Picture 1, How many will die? Activists in an AIDS-support group marching in New York City's Gay Rights Day parade, © 1986 ALON REININGER -- CONTACT; Picture 2, Call for action: San Francisco protest, DANUTA OTFINOWSKI -- ARCHIVE; Picture 3, 'We are honestly frightened": Baltimore with IOM/NAS-panel colleagues, DENNIS COOK -- AP; Picture 4, Leadership wanted: The president, LARRY DOWNING -- NEWSWEEK


End of Document
Page  of 
WHEN AIDS STRIKES







WHEN AIDS STRIKES
Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)
September 24, 1988 Saturday
Late Edition


Copyright 1988 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd All Rights Reserved
Section: SPECTRUM; Reviews; Pg. 78
Length: 1225 words
Byline: DAVID HAY
Body


"I FEEL that my anger and my passion about AIDS and about homophobia are the last gifts I have left to make my life have meaning. I do not want my anger to be less. I do not want to process through my grief."
Such are the defiant words of this generation of writers, in this instance, the Los Angeles novelist Paul Monette.
Monette, with writers such as Edmund White, George Whitmore, Andrew Holleran and Robert Ferro, has chronicles all the various stages of the gay life, their earlier works extolling the freedom and the exhilarating sexual sensibility gay liberation meant for men coming out in the 1970s.
Times have changed.
Paul Monette's Borrowed Time is a memoir about his lover's death. It's made no less poignant when it opens with these words: "I don't know if I will live to finish this. Doubtless, there is a streak of self-importance in such an assertion, but who's counting? Maybe it's just that I've watched too many sicken in a month and die by Christmas, so that a fatal sort of realism comforts me more than magic. All I know is this: the virus ticks in me."
Having battled for 18 months to keep his lover of 13 years alive, this author turned around to confront the presence of the same time bomb inside him.
I asked Monette, a man who manages to be both thoughtful and angry in the same breath, whether he had any literary models in mind when he came to write Borrowed Time.
"I had two conscious models when I started. One was Michael Herr's Despatches which I feel is the best book about Vietnam, the one that gets closest to being nakedly there within the nightmare. I wanted to get the AIDS war's version of that ... as I experienced it. And yet I also wanted to write an encomium to somebody's courage like Death Be Not Proud by John Gunther, a book which is just dazzlingly touching, tough and unsentimental."
Monette, a novelist, poet and screenwriter, whose work had not reached a wide audience, succeeded beyond his dreams with Borrowed Time.
Newsweek said that "by the end, he (Monette) rises to shattering eloquence. The category of gay literature no longer applies: we enter the universal arena of human loss." The Washington Post called Borrowed Time a work of "terrible beauty". As author of a Book-of-the Month Club selection, Monette has travelled across America recounting this terrible experience. The great response to his work mirrors the increasing inroads that gays have made into a once closed world.
Borrowed Time tackles head-on many of the essential life dramas thrown up by this disease. A lawyer with a mainly public interest practice, Monette's lover, Roger Horwitz, was a healthy man in his early 40s. Horwitz's slow disintegration (he had numerous bouts of pneumonia and also went blind), the constant denial of impending death, the struggle to find and obtain new, possibly life-saving or life-prolonging drugs, the dealings with family and friends (when and how do you tell people this news) and the survivor's own fears and guilt are all recounted by Monette in a literate, full-blown style.
Although a harrowing tale, the great legacy of Borrowed Time, and indeed of much of this new literature, is the description of a wonderful relationship between two people. The love that dared not speak its name has so matured, is so wide ranging that it's both a revelation and a tragedy that we have to encounter it in books such as these.
Monette remains all too aware of what Roger Horwitz meant to him.
"I consciously wanted to tell the love story in which the war was incidental, if profoundly so. I wanted to show how much two men could love another. But even if AIDS has brought out courage and a sense of family among gay people, it has clearly shown homophobes only something about promiscuity and lack of commitment."
The unflinching aspect of Borrowed Time and the other AIDS books is that they don't blame the victims' past, the period of freer love. (Monette battles with his guilt in that he had more encounters outside the relationship than Roger and perhaps, he asks in his darkest moments, it was he rather than a virus that was "responsible for his lovers' death"). Rather, they incorporate a history of earlier, more joyous days.
That said, the authors who are writing on this disease have not done so out of pure altruism. Like Monette, Edmund White is HIV-positive. George Whitmore has been diagnosed with AIDS. Robert Ferro has already succumbed to the disease.
Edmund White's short stories about AIDS - part of an anthology titled The Darker Proof which was co-authored by Adam Mars-Jones and published in Australia earlier this year - are slightly more picaresque. One story tells of a New Yorker who travels to Greece a year after his lover's death and finds not new love, but a fleeting reawakening of sexual tension with a local Greek boy.
Another deals with the wall put up in gay relationships when one partner tests HIV-positive and the other tests negative. How long can the latter, devoid of contact with the AIDS virus, keep up his love for the former?
George Whitmore, another novelist whose first works emanated from the New York of the 1970s, has written a documentary portrait of a variety of AIDS cases set in locales as distinct as rural Colorado to Lincoln Hospital in the Bronx. His is a book about the new victims of the disease, the poor, the disenfranchised, the neglected.
Robert Ferro's contribution, Second Son is about two men with AIDS and how one negotiates reconciliation with family and the labyrinthine corridors of AIDS treatment.
Perhaps only Andrew Holleran's collection of short stories, Ground Zero, gives this bleak episode in American life any sense of comic relief or wit, a quality that has often been the hallmark of gay writers. Holleran can never leave the by-ways and fun houses of 1970s Manhattan. His book re-traces his steps 10 years later. But, oh, how different the journey has become.
Sperm has become radioactive, exhilaration has given way to fear, the laughter and friendship that were the hallmarks of New York dinner parties have now given way to quiet handholding and the subdued jocularity of funerals. The well-worn paths of intimates are no longer there to tread.
With the exception of Edmund White's short stories, little of the AIDS literature talks about sex between men. Concerned with dying, its possibility seems cut off. What's built on this sensual absence, however, is a deep love between men. And lots of it.
Cut off from his lover, fighting his own battle with AIDS, Paul Monette confesses that he "has re-read his book 10 times.
"It's not that I have fallen in love with Paul Monette's prose; it's more that it gets me back into that experience and it comforts me. I wish this book didn't have to be written but I have done, by leaps and bounds, the most important work I can ever do."
When he started his first books at the age of 19 he "came into writing with all the vanity and self-importance that one can have ... the yearning to make the form. It just so happens that I was lucky to be able to use my writing to make as real as I could the more important thing I did in my life than write... which was to have that love".
That the tragedy of AIDS will be remembered in terms of luck, or lack of it, is just one of the hopeless ironies of this disease. That writers have been on its cutting edge is only now becoming a reader's gain.

Graphic

 
Drawing: by David Bromley





Dr. Vicki Hufnagel, a Los Angeles gynecologist, takes as many as three telephone calls a week from women requesting blood tests for the AIDS antibody.  A Houston gynecologist, Dr. John Irwin, also reports that more of his patients are asking for the blood tests and adds that some of them are even discarding their birth-control pills and giving up sex altogether.  In New York nearly a third of the people calling the Gay Men's Health Crisis hot line with questions are heterosexuals, many of them women.  "I don't meet people for one-night stands anymore," says a 25-year-old Boston woman.  "AIDS is just too scary."
Until recently most Americans thought of AIDS as essentially a man's disease.  After all, the high-risk groups are predominantly male: homosexual and bisexual men and intravenous drug users.  However, women have been getting AIDS ever since the deadly disease emerged five years ago.  Of the 22,173 U.S. AIDS cases confirmed by the Centers for Disease Control to date, 1,467 -- almost 7 percent -- involved female adults.  But, notes Dr. Gerald Friedland of New York's Montefior Medical Center, women constitute a neglected population of AIDS victims.  "They don't have advocacy as a group, they don't share a commonality of behavior, they're isolated from one another -- there's no 'Women With AIDS' movement," he says.  In the view of many observers of the rapidly growing epidemic, it's time that Americans focused less on the occurrence of AIDS among "high risk" groups and more on its potential to strike anyone.  "What we need to do is say, 'This is a sexually transmitted disease"," says Dr. Robert Redfield of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center.  "We need a major-league push, a huge, coordinated effort for control."
The mystery: More than half of the afflicted women are intravenous drug users.  About 9 percent contracted the disease after blood transfusions, and 18 percent are unclassified.  That leaves 20 percent, or 296 women, who seem to have gotten AIDS through heterosexual contact.  And that's what has an increasing number of women -- and public-health experts -- worried.  Jennie Carrion, a 36-year-old former administrative assistant in a New York law firm, has no idea how she contracted the disease.  She is not an i.v. drug user and her boyfriends were, so far as she could tell, tell, "clean and nice." But last January she got a severe eye inflammation and was found to have AIDS.  "It's a mystery to me," she says.
New York research biologist Mathilde Krim, cochair of the American Foundation for AIDS Research, isn't that mystified.  She thinks the fact that AIDS first struck homosexuals in this country is a bit of an accident rather than a unique feature of the disease itself.  "AIDS," she maintains, "is not linked to either of the sexes or to sexual preference and [is] hardly linked to sexual practice." In this country, Krim predicts, a second wave of the disease will strike women and children predominantly.
Shift in spread: Two recent studies support the anxiety about the spread of AIDS within the heterosexual population.  In one, Dr. Warren D. Johnson of New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center described a shift in the spread of AIDS in Haiti.  As Johnson told an international AIDS conference in Paris two weeks ago, in 1983 71 percent of cases of AIDS and AIDS-related complex (ARC) that he studied involved the same high-risk population as in this country -- gay and bisexual men, i.v. drug users and recipients of blood products; only 22 percent of AIDS victims were clustered outside these groups.  But by 1985, Johnson found, the picture had changed dramatically -- the high-risk population accounted for only 11 percent of cases, while the proportion of "outsiders" had grown to 72 percent.  In 1985, moreover, 40 percent of the AIDS patients were women, compared to 14 percent two years before.  "The most logical explanation," he says, "is that the [AIDS] virus was first introduced into the homosexual and bisexual communities in Haiti, and over this relatively short period of time [it] spread to the hetersoxual community."
At the same Paris gathering, Col. Donald Burke of the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research reported on the other disturbing study, which concerned AIDS infection rates among young people turning up for military enlistment.  Among nearly 300,000 potential enlistees, 1.5 per 1,000 showed signs of infection by the HTLV-III virus that causes AIDS; the ratio between the sexes was a surprising 2.5 for men to 1 for women, far closer than the 13-to-1 ratio prevailing among actual AIDS cases in the United States.  The really ominous news came from the New York area, where the ratio approached 1 to 1 -- 0.8 percent for males and 0.6 percent for women.  It is unclear to what degree high-risk homosexuals and i.v. drug users might number among potential enlistees.  Even so, the statistics are disturbing.  While most AIDS victims are at least in their 30s, "the data reflects a silent epidemic in young people between 18 and 25," says Redfield, Burke's Walter Reed colleague.
Two ways: Redfield holds the grim view that AIDS could spread among heterosexuals in much the same way that syphillis or gonorrhea have.  In Redfield's own studies, 42 percent of the wives of men with AIDS turned out to have antibodies to the virus.  Of the women identified as AIDS victims, 47 percent of their husbands tested positive for the antibodies.  The spouses of three of five women who had gotten AIDS from transfusions were infected, he reports, "suggesting the virus goes both ways fairly efficiently." Such findings, Redfield claims, argue against the theory that the virus isn't transmitted readily through the vagina and that the rectum is especially vulnerable to entry of the virus.
Other experts view the potential of AIDS to spread among women with slightly less alarm.  True, AIDS does infect males and females almost equally in Africa, notes CDC epidemiologist Dr. Harold Jaffe.  But other factors, such as large population migration, breakup of families, prostitution and high rates of other infections that increase vulnerability, could influence the distribution of the disease between the two sexes.  "I believe, and I think other people here believe, that AIDS will spread out into the general population -- but gradually." For the next five years it will remain in the well-defined high-risk groups, he thinks, because the "reservoir" of infected heterosexuals remains rather small compared to homosexuals and i.v. drug users, and the AIDS virus is not that easily transmitted.
Many people believe the main way AIDS will spread heterosexually in the United Stare is through i.v. drug use.  "That's the great gaping hole in the dike as far as AIDS spreading into new and different segments of society," says Dr. June Osborn of the University of Michigan School of Medicine.  She likens the rapid spread of the virus in a community of i.v. drug users to "dropping red dye into a pond."
Clinical study: Most prostitutes infected with AIDS are believed to be i.v. drug users.  In recent clinical study Dr. Joyce Wallace of New York's Mount Sinai School of Medicine cruised the streets in her car, found prostitutes, asked them to describe their sexual practices and drug practices and took samples of blood.  She found that six out of the eight who admitted to using i.v. drugs were positive for AIDS, as was one woman who had a boyfriend who used drugs.  Only one prostitute who denied that she took i.v. drugs tested positive.
Meanwhile, women around the country are beginning to protect themselves against the threat of AIDS.  Getting an intimate history of someone you've just met is at best embarrassing, but women are trying to find ways around the awkwardness.  Margo Morrison, a 26-year-old Miami free-lance writer, has a set routine any time she meets an attractive man.  "Isn't it awful about this AIDS epidemic?" sheasks.  Then she watches for the reaction.  "I'm very perceptive about someone who I think might be lying to me," she says.  Adds Judith Cohen, codirector of San Francisco's Association for Women's AIDS Research and Education (AWARE): "It may not be the person you know.  It may be the person that person knows." Her point is a good one; how much can a woman trust a man to be completely honest or even to be aware that he is a carrier of the disease?
What else can a woman do besides question her partners? Groups like AWARE advocate a return to the old-fashioned condom, which at least protects women from contaminated semen.  Beyond that, many experts in sexually transmitted diseases suggest a scaled-down sex life -- including even the possibility of abstinence.  "We must face sex in a realistic way," says Los Angeles gynecologist Hufnagel.  "This is no longer the free-love '60s; it's the fear-of-AIDS '80s."

Graphic

 
Picture 1, AIDS check: Doctor draws blood, JAMES D. WILSON -- NEWSWEEK; Picture 2, On the street: Wallace takes blood sample from a New York prostitute, COURTESY OF DR. JOYCE WALLACE; Picture 3, San Francisco AWARE meeting: Cohen counsels high-risk women, JAMES D. WILSON -- NEWSWEEK


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS: Virus of Fear







AIDS: Virus of Fear
The Associated Press
September 14, 1985, Saturday, AM cycle


Copyright 1985 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 1655 words
Byline: By LISA LEVITT RYCKMAN, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body


In gay communities across the country, everyone knows someone who has died of AIDS, someone who is dying of AIDS or someone who is simply scared to death.
"Some of us have lost more friends than our parents have," said Richard Dunne, executive director of the Gay Men's Health Crisis, the main AIDS agency in New York City. "Nothing in 20th century history has prepared us for this."
Like a nation under siege, the gay community has mobilized, setting up agencies to deal with victims, lobbying officials for money, trying to quiet public fear through education.
Gay men and women have steeled themselves for a backlash of bigotry fueled by the perception of AIDS as a predominantly "gay" disease, although lesbians are not a special risk group.
And as more friends and lovers are diagnosed and die every day, many gay men have changed the way they live, leaving the fast track for a middle ground with less chance of infection. They have taken on the monumental job of caring for the living dead and the worried well, and they have come out of it sadder and stronger.
"Most of us in our 30s have not dealt with death at all, and we're being forced to deal with it very suddenly and very traumatically in a very short time," Dunne said. "There's no overlooking the profound sadness. It's there, there all the time. We worry about our friends, we worry about ourselves."
The figures justify the fear. In San Francisco, cases of acquired immune deficiency syndrome are being reported at a rate of two a day, deaths at more than one a day. Since the count began in July 1981, 1,377 cases have been reported in the city, 98 percent of those among gay or bisexual men. More than half of those people have died.
In New York, AIDS is the leading cause of death among men aged 30 to 39. Nationwide, 73 percent of the 12,932 cases reported as of Sept. 2 were in gay men. There have been 6,481 deaths.
In the gay community, they're calling it a war. People who are watching their friends die say they have begun to adopt a combat mentality.
"(Soldiers) are in a war where they're seeing their comrades, their friends, being killed," said Dennis Bursch, a San Francisco realtor who has lost at least a dozen friends to AIDS. "But still they have to go on with what they're doing. So somehow, they build a defense system to insulate themselves from the reality of the deaths. That's what I've had to do."
Others have found it therapeutic to be in the trenches themselves. The GMHC has more volunteers than it can effectively use, Dunne said. Volunteers are the lifeblood of AIDS Project Los Angeles and the backbone of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation.
"I find friends of mine who are not involved, they frequently ask me, 'How do you stand being around this all day?' My response to that is, I don't know how they stand not doing anything about it," Dunne said. "I think when you get involved, it gives you a feeling of control over it to a certain extent."
After Dean Sandmire was diagnosed a year ago, he decided to do what he could for as long as he could. He became an activist in the San Francisco-based Mobilization Against AIDS and helped organize a Memorial Day candlelight vigil in more than 40 countries.
While Sandmire and others seek public attention, some men are just now summoning the courage to seek support and information. Every night somewhere in San Francisco, potential victims gather to discuss their best defense against the killer disease. The program is called STOP AIDS; it is a way for gay men to learn to reduce the risk of exposure and a place for them to vent fears.
Therapists say stress is highest among those who have not been diagnosed, particularly those men who have watched the painful, debilitating death of an AIDS victim.
"All the contagion fear which he suspended to be close to his dying friend comes back," therapist Leon McKusick told a meeting of the American Psychological Association in Los Angeles. "Moreover, he is acutely aware of what AIDS looks like and is petrified of getting it from or giving it to anyone else."
Some men continue to behave as if they are out of the disease's reach.
"We've seen people so freaked out they deny and withdraw, they play harder and they stay away from the agencies dealing with AIDS and their friends who are ill with AIDS," said Tim Wolfred, executive director of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation.
But the vast majority have changed their lives to make survival more likely, Wolfred said. There's more of an emphasis on getting enough sleep, food and exercise and less on promiscuity. Two San Francisco studies show that 75 percent to 80 percent of gay men have opted for a safer sex life, McKusick said.
"The level of monogamy in existing gay relationships has increased. The number of sexual partners has decreased. And the frequency of high-risk sexual activity has decreased," he said.
MORE= co closed its bathhouses a year ago."That was really the slap across the face that woke people up to the need to change," Wolfred said.
Other homosexuals have been roused by the use of AIDS as a tool for discrimination, particularly by the religious right.
"Many people are becoming galvanized by the crisis and come out to fight the disease and the falsehoods being spread about the disease. Every time the Rev. Jerry Falwell opens his mouth, more people come out of the closet," said Ron Najman, spokesman for the National Gay Task Force, a civil rights group with 10,000 members.
Falwell, the leader of Moral Majority, said at a rally in Ohio in 1983, "Herpes, AIDS, venereal diseases … are a definite form of the judgment of God upon a society." More recently, he said, "Homosexuals are violating the laws of nature."
AIDS is being used to rekindle a violent anti-gay bigotry that is gaining ever-widening acceptance, said Katy Taylor, a human rights specialist with the New York City Commission on Human Rights.
She recalled an AIDS victim hospitalized after being beaten with a chair leg by a group of men hired by a landlord who wanted him out of the building.
"But instead of just beating someone up, they're now beating someone up and saying, 'You're sick, I think you all should die, you deserve what you got,"' she said. "AIDS has really highlighted the tragedy that the lack of civil rights for gays and lesbians wreaks on a whole community, not to mention the whole city."
In smaller cities, the situation is exacerbated by the lack of support networks. In Fayetteville, Ark., last spring, Paul Cameron, an aide to U.S. Rep. William Dannemeyer, R-Calif., stirred feelings with a speech about AIDS and homosexuality at the University of Arkansas.
"He scared a lot of straight people," said Linda Lovell, a member of the 50-member Gay and Lesbian Action Delegation in the city of 30,000. "He gave out a lot of pamphlets on AIDS that implied that all homosexuals are diseased in some way, that any kind of casual contact could be fatal. He called for a total quarantine for all gay males and talked about regional detention centers."
Subsequent letters to the editor and newspaper ads demanded that gay people be denied access to public facilities, including the swimming pool and library, and suggested they not be hired for restaurant, hospital or child-care work.
"We have tried to hold together under all these attacks," she said. "A lot of people may be concerned about AIDS, but they act as though they're more concerned about homosexuality."
Confidentiality is also a critical issue for the gay community, particularly when it comes to results of the HTLV-III test, which is used to determine who has been exposed to the suspected AIDS virus. Although preliminary estimates indicate that only 5 percent to 20 percent of gay men with the antibodies will develop the disease, homosexuals worry the information could be used against them.
"People cannot afford to lose their health insurance benefits. People will simply disappear, and you will not be able to treat the problem," Najman said.
In California, the Legislature passed laws last year making the test results confidential. But insurance companies, concerned about the staggering costs of treating AIDS patients, are lobbying for access to the information.
With AIDS-related discrimination already a reality for healthy gay men and lesbians, the stigma of a diagnosis can destroy what's left of the victim's life.
"One man went home to visit his family, to let them know, and his brother would not let him be around his nieces and nephews, but made him look through a window into their home to see them at Christmas," said Robert McLane, a counselor at AIDS Project Los Angeles.
But for every story of abandonment, there are those of loving support. Laurie McBride, who heads the Golden Gate Business Association, a group of more than 700 gay businessmen and women in San Francisco, talks about the networks of people who share the 24-hour job of caring for friends with AIDS.
"We recognize that we are responsible for ourselves and are taking it a step further and being responsible for each other. There's tremendous love in our community at this point," she said.
The confrontation with death is forcing many in the gay community to re-evaluate their lives, to question their identities as homosexuals and, in many cases, to realign their priorities. Relationships with friends and lovers have assumed new importance.
"It's opened people up, shaken them up, taken them out of the non-stop party fast-lane and turned them into very sensitive, aware human beings who now are very involved in volunteer efforts, taking care of those who are ill and the political battles," Wolfred said. "In a sense, it's matured them very quickly."
Wolfred's New York counterpart, Richard Dunne, agrees.
"I think there has been a pulling together, a greater sensitivity that we need to be together," he said. "This is an issue worth coming out over, because it's a life and death matter. If we don't help ourselves, who is going to help us?"

Graphic

 
With Laserphoto


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS: Virus of Fear; NYC and AIDS _ The Biggest And The Worst







AIDS: Virus of Fear;
NYC and AIDS _ The Biggest And The Worst
The Associated Press
September 15, 1985, Sunday, BC cycle


Copyright 1985 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 639 words
Byline: By JERRY SCHWARTZ, Associated Press Writer
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


The 4,387 cases of AIDS reported in New York City constitute the population of a doomed small town _ the nation's largest concentration of AIDS victims, one third of the total.
As is the case elsewhere, the majority of New York's AIDS victims are homosexuals. But 33 percent _ twice the national average _ are users of intravenous drugs, for the most part drug addicts who share needles.
As a result, New York leads the nation in another category _ children with AIDS. In all but a few cases, the children were infected by their drug-addict mothers before they were born.
"We have greater numbers of everything," said Marvin Bogner, spokesman for the city Health Department.
New York's primacy is costly. Bogner said city hospitals spend $1 million a week to care for AIDS patients; the Human Resources Administration pays out $2.5 million a year in welfare to AIDS victims; the Health Department spends a like amount for public education, lab testing and other work.
An additional $6 million has been allocated for out-patient and hospice care, according to Bogner.
Public efforts are complemented by private groups. The Gay Men's Health Crisis coordinates 1,500 volunteers serving 900 AIDS victims. It sponsors buddy programs, support groups, crisis intervention, legal and financial assistance, public information projects and efforts to encourage "healthier sex."
City attempts to open an AIDS shelter have met with opposition, and the Roman Catholic archdiocese has agreed to take over the task.
The gay community has been the strongest advocate of efforts to help AIDS victims, financing the Gay Men's Health Crisis and demanding that political candidates explain their positions on AIDS financing.
A sudden emphasis on drug addicts with AIDS, said Barry Davidson, director of community information for Gay Men's Health Crisis, is proof that New Yorkers are "finally realizing that this is not just a gay plague."
His group's 24-hour hotline received 5,247 calls in August, 60 percent from heterosexuals. "The same questions I was getting 3 1/2 years ago from the gay population, I'm getting from the heterosexual population," Davidson said.
Four years ago, 80 percent of the city's AIDS victims were gay or bisexual men, 20 percent drug users; now, said Bogner, 59 percent are gay and 33 percent are drug users.
Nationally, the split is 73 percent to 17 percent.
As a result, said Catherine, a resident of Daytop Village and spokeswoman for the drug-treatment organization, "there is an enormous fear" of AIDS among drug abusers and those trying to end their addiction.
Still, there is no sign that AIDS has changed the addicts' habits. "When you're on drugs, the last thing in the world you think about is whose needle you're using," said Catherine, who asked that her full name not be used.
The city health commissioner, Dr. David Sencer, has proposed that needles be made available without a prescription, and that addicts be allowed to trade old needles for sterile ones at drug-treatment centers.
"Some people say, 'Who gives a damn about junkies?' Well, we have to give a damn about junkies, because of all the innocent people (addicts' sexual partners and children) who would contract AIDS if we don't," said Bogner.
Bogner said 77 children had AIDS in the city, but Dr. Arye Rubinstein, head of pediatrics at Albert Einstein Medical College Hospital in the Bronx, said there were far more, under new guidelines for classifying AIDS victims from the national Centers for Disease Control.
Rubinstein said he was treating more than 100 children with AIDS at the hospital, more than any other AIDS pediatric center; 10 are in-patients and three have lived there for years. In most cases, the mother is dead of AIDS or drugs.
"It's relatively rare that a child is cared for by its own mother," he said. "More often, it is an aunt, a grandmother."


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS carriers







AIDS carriers
The Advertiser
August 3, 1987 Monday


Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 351 words
Body


ONE of your correspondents writes to ask why AIDS carriers are not being isolated from the general community, just as carriers of TB or cholera were in the past. In fact, there are excellent reasons why this is not being done.
 AIDS is not a disease like TB which can be caught through day-to-day, casual contact at home or in the workplace. On the contrary, AIDS is a hard-to-catch virus, passed on almost exclusively through sexual intercourse or blood contact with somebody who is already infected.
In consequence, we are all in a position to protect ourselves from AIDS without having to isolate carriers of this virus. For those who choose to live outside monogamous relationships (and who do not simply abstain from sex), this means adopting "safer sex" behavior - including knowing how to use a condom effectively. For intravenous drug-users, this means not sharing needles and knowing how to sterilise them.
 Granted these facts, some people might still ask why carriers are not being isolated so as to further reduce the risk. In reality, the sheer numbers involved would alone make this a difficult and costly exercise. To be an AIDS-carrier simply means that the person has the virus in their blood, not that they are suffering from the disease itself. There are estimated to be upwards of 50,000 such people in Australia.
 The prime objection to isolation, however, is that it would drive AIDS underground. At present, there is an excellent community response to appeals to those at risk to come forward for advice, help and, if need be, medical testing. This has resulted in a greatly increased awareness of AIDS and of how to avoid spreading it. This very real progress would be entirely jeopardised by measures to isolate anybody found to be an AIDS carrier.
 We also need to remember that AIDS carriers are human beings, not mere statistics, and that some of them are on the way to developing a debilitating and usually fatal disease. To treat them as pariahs, in place of offering every help and support, is to degrade not only them but our community as a whole.
Dr ROGER KNIGHT,
AIDS Council of SA.





IT IS one of the saddest places in America.  High up on one floor of a hospital in the Bronx the country's only day-care centre for Aids babies and young children has recently opened.  Twenty-five of them come here every day, brought in a special bus -- and all of them are dying.
The children are in varying stages of sickness.  They look a little puffy in the face, with swollen glands.  Some have hacking coughs, one has such a distended stomach she finds movement difficult.  In their few years of life nearly all of them have had to deal with disasters yet more crippling than their illness and many are profoundly disturbed.
Many were abandoned in hospital by their mothers at birth, once they had been diagnosed.  Some have seen mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters die of Aids already.  Most now have foster families -- though there is, not surprisingly, a great shortage of foster parents willing to take an Aids child into their homes.  Some of the foster mothers are deeply religious, most are very poor.  They are paid $847 a month, with extra allowances for clothes and a washing machine.
It is still a secret and shameful disease.  No one wants the neighbours to know and the parents and foster parents who gather at the centre for a weekly meeting talk, in their lighter moments, of their stratagems for secrecy.  "It's very difficult," says Carolyn Lelyveldt, the centre's director.  "Neighbours hear a child with a painful cough that never goes away and they keep giving advice.  Or they think the child is being neglected and needs a doctor."
The secrecy isn't just because of shame, it's because the family would be rapidly ostracised, and other children would not be allowed to play with them.  It was difficult to get staff to work at the centre.  Fear, and the tragedy of it all, makes people recoil.  Many are religious; others just saintly.  It's not as if all these children are lovable little invalids.  They can be aggressive, and violent, angry and withdrawn.  Some children have had as many as four different homes before they are two, as well as repeated hospital stays, with scores of different people looking after them.  Caring for them is difficult.  Gloves have to be worn for wiping their noses and changing nappies.
Some of the stories about how these children got the disease are horrific.  One caught it playing with used drug addicts' needles in a welfare hotel (like our bed and breakfasts).  Another was raped in a welfare hotel.  Most acquired it from their mothers in the womb, either because their mothers were drug addicts or had slept with infected drug users.
All are black or Hispanic and poor.  The campaign for safe sex has made little impact on these communities, say staff at the centre, who talk a great deal to the mothers.  "They do not have the power to demand it." Wearing condoms protects the woman more than the man.  It is extremely rare for a man to contract it from a woman.  Many of the mothers decided to conceive, knowing they were infected, and knowing there was a 50 per cent chance their child would be infected too.  "They want children, and 50 per cent doesn't seem bad odds to them."
Dr Arye Rubinstein, who set up this day-care centre, is one of the early heroes of the Aids epidemic -- and there were precious few of them.  He is a paediatrician in the Bronx and most of his patients are poor, black and Hispanic from a district in New York that defies belief for squalor and deprivation.  It looks like a city after nuclear war, every other tenement house burnt out, people sitting in the street, selling old odds and ends off cardboard boxes.  Few people I met in Manhattan had ever ventured out there even to have a look.
Back in 1981 Rubinstein began seeing the children of drug addicts with severe immune deficiencies, and diagnosed them to be suffering the same strange disease that was attacking the gay community.  He was an eminent paediatric immunologist but like a few other farsighted doctors of that time, he could not get anyone to believe his diagnosis.
Doctors and health officials at the time were convinced the new disease was "only" a gay syndrome -- they thought it was caused by poppers, a drug gays take -- or some other aspect of gay life.  They dismissed his evidence that would have helped show it was a virus and that it could spread through the blood, which would have put them on to the right track much faster.  The American Academy of Paediatrics would not let him present his paper at its conference, nor could he get the medical journals to publish his research; the word went round that he was mad.
As babies poured into his clinic with the same illness, he could get no one to believe him, and he saw, with horror, the dimensions of the epidemic that was starting to sweep the country.  Later, when he begged for money to care for these children -- when it was accepted that they were Aids cases -- and his wards were full of these abandoned babies, there was no help given.  It took years before he got the funding for this day-care centre.
His story is just one small part of the tragedy of the arrival of Aids.  It was repeated time and again.  A brilliant new book, And The Band Played On, by Randy Shilts, has just come out in America, an overnight bestseller.  It is a modern Journal of the Plague Year.  It charts the history of Aids from its arrival in America and its suspected African beginnings.
If the disease, as the Moral Majority claims, was sent as divine retribution, it was not sent to strike down drug addicts and gays.  It was sent to test the values of a whole society.  It only succeeded in its rampant slaughter because of the venality, corruption, vainglory and cowardice of those in a position to stem its fearful progress.  The government, the scientists, the health officials, the media and the gay community leaders were all tested, and all found pitifully wanting.  Thousands died, are dying and will die for years to come because of them.
This colossal book chronicles, month by month, the failings of most of these people, and the heroic efforts of the very few who were brave and far-sighted enough to put their careers on the line because of what they saw happening.
The worst were the scientists.  At first the mighty research establishments would devote no resources to research.  It was an unsavoury disease limited to gays and no one wanted to shift into such unprestigious work.  They lied about the money they were devoting to the work and the amount of work being done.
When Robert Gallo, the most famous retrovirologist, finally thought there might be a Nobel Prize in Aids work, already late in the day, he refused to work with any other organisation or foreign researchers.  He told no one any of his findings, waiting the usual six months for his papers to be published in medical journals, to ensure he got the maximum recognition.  Eventually, when the Pasteur Institute in France isolated the virus a year before him, he rubbished their claims, prevented its work being developed for a year, delayed progress, and finally, stole their virus, renamed it and claimed it as his own discovery a year later.  The in-fighting, the jealously, the lies, and the wars between the various organisations involved in Aids research lost countless lives.
The blood banks were the next worst offenders.  Even when haemophiliacs were dying all over the country, they refused to test or screen blood from donors, because they said until the virus was actually isolated, then there was no proof there was a virus.  (This is equivalent to the tobacco companies' arguments that there is still no definitive link between lung cancer and cigarettes.) The epidemiological evidence was overwhelming.  So was their avarice and apathy And of course the British NHS was happy to go along with the Americans long after the evidence was there for everyone to see.
Then there was the gay community.  The author, himself a gay reporter from the San Francisco Chronicle, blames the gay leaders as much as anyone.  They refused to countenance any kind of education programme to warn gay men, let alone a closure of the infamous bath houses where research was showing men had a one in four chance of contracting Aids with every partner encountered there (and men often encountered four a night).
Human rights were more important than human life.  Even as all round them lay dying, they issued a statement saying: "We should never forget we live in a homophobic society, or that homophobia is the major threat to our health." Gay newspapers were printing editorials saying: "Advice on safe sex, while perhaps well-meaning, is actually collaboration with the death regime that delights in blaming ourselves.  The myth of safe sex fosters the finger pointing when any one of us does come down with the disease." The few brave gay leaders who tried to made them see sense were hounded out as closet self-hating homophobes.  There was no education campaign.
The disastrous political failures were more familiar and alas, more expected.  Public health officials did nothing, afraid of panic when panic was what was needed.  The Government lied about the money it was giving, starved all the researchers, even made cuts in their funding, while making extravagant spending claims.  The researchers had to appear before Congressional committees swearing they had all the money they needed, even when, the very same day, they were sending emergency pleas in private memos because they could not cope.  But as government employees they had to toe the line.  All this was later exposed through Freedom of Information demands for documents.
The disease rampaged through the land, and the world, and the people in positions to take action were jockeying for power, turning a blind eye, passing the buck, scoring off their enemies or keeping their heads down.  The media neglected it, focused on the wrong things, never asked the right questions, and were too long embarrassed by it.  While it was an exclusively gay disease, they barely covered it at all.
And public attention wanders.  The disease is no less terrifying than it was a year ago.  But venereal disease rates, the best indicator of levels of promiscuous or unsafe sex, fluctuate with the amount of Aids news in the media, or government publicity.  Media boredom with an old news story is one of Aids' greatest allies.
This book is a sane, thorough and devastating indictment of how the disease was allowed to run unchecked for so long.  Have lessons been learnt?  Would the world handle such an epidemic better next time?  The depressing answer is, probably not.
It now seems likely that millions of people will still be dying of Aids into the next century.  Despite the endless empty "miracle cure" stories, none looks likely.  The dying babies and toddlers in the Bronx are among those who might never have suffered as they suffer now if the disease had not been allowed to spread unchecked for so long.  The richest, most powerful, most scientifically advanced nations in the world have been tried, tested and found grievously wanting.
And the Band Played On, by Randy Shilts.  Published by St Martins Press, USA.  To be published by Penguin next March.

Graphic

 
Picture, Carolyn Lelyveldt, with baby victim at the centre. (Picture by Anthea Simms)


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS glossary







AIDS glossary
United Press International
July 25, 1985, Thursday, BC cycle


Copyright 1985 U.P.I.
Section: Domestic News
Length: 230 words
Body


The following is a glossary of scientific terms associated with the disease of AIDS:
AIDS -- Acquired immune deficiency syndrome. It was first recognized in 1981 and discovered among the homosexual community.
AIDS is known to break down the body's immune system -- its defenses against germs.
Some scientists suspect AIDS affects the thymus gland, which has been called the master gland of the immune system. AIDS has occurred primarily among male homosexuals, intravenous drug abusers, recent Haitian immigrants and hemophiliacs who require numerous blood transfusions.
SYMPTOMS -- Victims often suffer from a rare form of cancer, Kaposi's sarcoma, and a rare, highly fatal form of pneumonia, pneumonocystis-carinii pneumonia. Other symptoms include fever, weight loss, fatigue, swollen glands and blue or brown spots on the skin, according to the Centers for Disease Control and the National Institutes of Health.
KAPOSI'S SARCOMA -- A rare form of cancer usually associated with AIDS that affects about one-third of AIDS victims.
PCP -- Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, a rare parasitic lung infection usually accompanied by fever and increasing shortness of breath. Some AIDS sufferers contract PCP. Doctors estimate the average survival rate after diagnosis is only seven months.
TOXOPLASMOSIS -- A parasitic infection that can cause serious brain damage; contracted by some AIDS victims.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS UPDATE Health workers gamble with AIDS







AIDS UPDATE Health workers gamble with AIDS
The Toronto Star
October 21, 1989, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION


Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
Section: LIFE; Pg. G2
Length: 505 words
Byline: (REUTER)
Dateline: SAN FRANCISCO
Body

Health workers gamble with AIDS, MD says
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuter) - Lorraine Day does not practise unsafe sex or use intravenous drugs. Yet according to one expert, she faces an almost 50-50 chance of infection with the virus that causes AIDS in the next five years.
Day is a doctor and she has been spearheading a campaign to encourage more protection for health care workers against the possibility of being infected with the AIDS virus.
The American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons has called for voluntary AIDS testing of patients prior to surgery as well as improved operating room techniques to prevent doctors from getting the disease.
It also says all health care workers, including doctors, should be similarly tested on a voluntary basis.
The recommendations by the academy, which represents orthopedic surgeons in the United States, are similar to proposals that Day has been advocating for months.
Day, chief of orthopedic surgery at San Francisco General Hospital, says one in 10 of her patients has acquired immune deficiency syndrome or the virus that causes it.
"I almost got it Friday," she said during a recent interview after a colleague stabbed her accidentally with a blood-soaked instrument. "I almost got stabbed clear through. We were working on a drug addict.
"Fortunately, I had three pairs of gloves on," she said, "and it only went through two. Every time that happens, it could be the end of my life," added Day.
She complains that the federal Centres for Disease Control in Atlanta has not researched whether AIDS can be transmitted via sweat, coughing, sneezing or microscopic blood particles that linger in the air long after an operation has ended.
Day wants to test all of her patients for the HIV virus before operating on them, saying that knowing their status will allow better protection for herself and the patient.
According to the CDC, health care workers have a one in 200 chance of contracting the HIV virus from a needle puncture. However, a report in the New England Journal of Medicine last year predicted there was a 49 per cent chance that Day and others in her position will turn HIV positive in the next five years.
Health care workers make up 2.2 per cent of the population but account for an estimated 5.1 per cent of all AIDS cases.
The CDC does not keep a tally of the number of health care workers who have become infected with the virus while on the job. But it says it knows of 169 health care workers with no determined outside risk, such as intravenous drug use, who have contracted AIDS or the virus as of September, 1988.
Whatever the numbers, Day does not like the odds.
"It's Russian roulette. I don't know which stick is going to get me," said Day, who says she is stuck with a blood-contaminated object at least twice a month.
Number of cases*
(As of Oct. 10)
Living Dead Total Canada
1,271 1,769 3,040
Ontario
398 815 1,213
Toronto
198 471 669
U.S.
105,990
World
183,575
* Since first case in 1979





A Hudson Institute study recommending widespread free voluntary testing for the AIDS virus was greeted with criticism from gay health groups.  The conservative Indianapolis think tank, in its report called "The Catastrophe Ahead: AIDS and the Case for a New Public Policy," advocates expanded testing in the expectation that individuals who test positive will act responsibly upon learning test results.
It criticized education campaigns promoting "safe sex" techniques as having "failed," noting that 16-24 per cent of uninfected partners in heterosexual couples acquired the AIDS virus from infected partners despite regular use of condoms.  Greg King of the Human Rights Campaign Fund and Robert Bray of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force expressed concern that campaigns for more testing divert funds from education that is already proving effective.  They argued that people begin the process of behavior modification when properly informed about safe sex.  Bray noted that the AIDS epidemic continues to spread most rapidly among minorities and intravenous drug users, groups to whom preventive education has not been fully available.  Bray also argued that testing wastes money and is a potential cause of discrimination against gays and lesbians.


End of Document
Page  of 
Gay paradise island puts on brave face about AIDS; Mykonos : Sun, sand and AIDS







Gay paradise island puts on brave face about AIDS;
Mykonos: Sun, sand and AIDS
United Press International
May 10, 1987, Sunday, BC cycle


Copyright 1987 U.P.I.
Section: International
Length: 737 words
Byline: By LEE STOKES
Dateline: MYKONOS, Greece
Body


Tourist officials in this tiny Aegean Sea vacation spot, known around the world as a gay paradise, try to put on a brave face about it. But they admit AIDS has them worried.
''We're certainly not going to start closing down gay bars and discos. It's going to be business as usual this summer,'' said Mathios Apostolou, 50, who has been mayor of prosperous Mykonos city for the past 12 years.
''But we've launched a campaign to teach everybody on the island about AIDS,'' he said. ''Doctors are touring every school and village, handing out leaflets and offering advise.''
Apostolou was so concerned about his island's reputation that he recently invited a party of Greek and foreign reporters to Mykonos before the start of the summer season.
Homosexuals from around the world, and especially from Italy, Britain and the United States, make up a large chunk of the half a million or so tourists who annually visit this small, sunny island with its idyllic white-washed houses, romantic windmills and sandy beaches.
''It's true that we are among the high risk communities,'' Apostolou said.
''But so are communities on other Greek islands. If you look at it that way, vacation spots around the world are as much at risk as we are.''
Since more than 70 percent of the tightly-knit island community is involved in the lucrative tourism business, fear of AIDS is a particularly sensitive issue.
''We're not just worried about our children catching AIDS from foreigners,'' said Yorgos, a 37-year-old fisherman who also rents rooms in the summer.
''Tourism is our livelihood. Even if the homosexuals keep on coming, which we're not sure they will, the AIDS scare might put (heterosexuals) off.''
Alexander, a 39-year-old bar owner from France, said fear of AIDS was unlikely to put his clients off visiting Mykonos.
''This summer is the real test,'' he said. ''But I think all these stories about AIDS won't have any real affect on us. It certainly won't drive away my regulars.''
He said many tourists came to Mykonos with their families year after year ''and will continue doing so.''
Joan Newman, a 28-year-old Ohio school teacher on vacation, said she didn't feel any more at risk from AIDS on Mykonos.
''You can get AIDS in any place in the world these days,'' she said.
As she spoke, gay men and women sipped cocktails and danced with each other in packed harbor-front bars, while homosexual couples sunbathed on nearby nude beaches.
Though tourism has brought prosperity to Mykonos, not all the islanders approve of what they see as a foreign intrusion in their lives.
The resulting drift away from the conservative Greek Orthodox Church has especially affected the island's young.
Initially fascinated by a liberal Western culture and the opportunity to earn large sums of money in the summer, many youngsters have now started to return to more traditional ways.
''I'm getting married to a local girl next month,'' said Costas, 26, who works as a receptionist in a large downtown hotel.
''In my five years of work here, I've seen and done everything you can imagine. But with AIDS now is the time to stop. The good old days are over.''
Maria, a 38-year-old housewife who rents part of her house out in the summer to travellers, said islanders, and especially young men, will have to be more careful with their relations from now on.
''Whatever our clients do is their business,'' she said. ''But the young, and especially the boys, will have to be more cautious with their summer romances.''
Another islander said now is the time to turn to God.
''We should atone for our sins and change our life style,'' said farmer Theodoros Kostis, 48.
''AIDS is God's punishment for today's immorality. Young people should turn to God and follow his word.''
Some islanders go as far as to say that homosexuals should be banned from the island.
''The authorities should stop all these abnormal people coming to our island,'' said construction worker Dimitris, 50, a father of two teenage children.
''We've put up with these homosexuals, drug addicts and nudists for long enough. We should throw them all out.''
Health authorities in Athens said tourist spots like Mykonos were receiving priority aid in the fight against AIDS.
''The government is spending $7 million to fight AIDS,'' said Roula Stefanou, a health ministry spokeswoman. ''And tourist spots have priority.''
Greece in April registered a total of 44 AIDS cases, of whom 27 died, and 5,000 AIDS carriers.


End of Document
Page  of 
Founder of State Health Department AIDS Program Diagnosed with AIDS







Founder of State Health Department AIDS Program Diagnosed with AIDS
The Associated Press
August 12, 1987, Wednesday, PM cycle


Copyright 1987 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 481 words
Dateline: BALTIMORE
Body


The founder of the Maryland health department's AIDS program has been stricken by the deadly disease himself, and says he will use his illness to educate the public.
"I don't mind dying publicly," Scott H. Stamford, 38, told The (Baltimore) Sun in an interview published today. "I think it's important that AIDS have a human face _ that it not be something that's whispered in the hallway. … Every family in this country eventually is going to be touched by this disease."
Stamford, who ran the AIDS program for four years, said he wants to help promote open discussion and education about acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Stamford founded Health Education Resource Organization in 1983 and quit when diagnosed with the disease.
AIDS, which is spread primarily through sexual contact, the sharing of intravenous needles and contaminated blood products, has killed more than 22,000 Americans since 1981.
Stamford, who is a homosexual, told the newspaper he lost his companion to AIDS in July 1983, six years after the two began living together. He interviewed for the AIDS post two days after burying Larry Whited.
"Grief can be an enormous motivator," he said. "I didn't want one more family, one more couple, to face what Larry and I had been through."
Stamford, who had previously worked as a surgical representative for a pharmaceutical company, used his medical contacts to spread the word about the disease.
Adele Wilzack, secretary of the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, described Stamford as "a wonderful person who was there in the beginning when nobody wanted to confront the problem of AIDS that was growing in the state."
Stamford, who only experienced a brief period of weight loss in 1982, said he had been in good health the last few years, until May. He has practiced safe sex since 1982, when doctors first suspected AIDS was sexually transmitted. He believes he became infected before that time.
AIDS experts believe the disease incubation period is at least five years.
He said he volunteered to be tested in an AIDS tracking program for gay and bisexual men at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, never expecting to become sick.
However, in May, he began to experience weakness of his hand and arm, but didn't assume it was related to the virus. In June gradual paralysis was spreading to his right leg. He asked to see results of his AIDS virus tests and was told he tested positive.
Stamford was admitted to the Johns Hopkins Hospital AIDS unit on July 13, where a lesion on his brain was detected. He has been taking AZT, the most effective available anti-AIDS drug. His prognosis remains uncertain, he said.
Stamford, who can walk only slowly, is working when he can to assist the organization of a new state AIDS office.
"There's a lot of knowledge that I have that I want to pass on. If something happens to me soon, I don't want that lost," he said.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS conference







AIDS conference
The Advertiser
August 13, 1988 Saturday


Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 317 words
Body


MR WILLIAM (sic) Tuckey's speech at the Third National Conference on AIDS in Hobart last Saturday clearly demonstrates that he, and many others in society, are either not receiving the wealth of relevant and factual information about AIDS or are unwilling to listen to or read the facts and understand them.
 I was present for Mr Tuckey's speech at the conference and it was clear to me that he was both ill-informed in his conclusion and thoroughly offensive to the many present in the hall.
 It is not that an opposing, or other point of view should not be heard; rather, that any point of view should be informed. It is not that Mr Tuckey should be denied the opportunity to express his mind, rather that he showed great contempt to the participants at the conference, many of whom are, indeed, the experts.
Mr Tuckey was invited to address the topic The Politics of AIDS. Instead, the participants at the conference, some who care for those with AIDS, some who are experts in the field of AIDS research (both scientifically and sociologically), and some who suffer the effects of AIDS, and their families and friends, were insulted, harangued and insensitively referred to in his speech.
 The irony is, and this should be a sobering fact for Mr Tuckey, that if any at the conference were wavering in their commitment, or pre-occupied with their own agenda, they are now firmly united to help society understand the facts about AIDS, and offer care and support to those who suffer this strange and frightening disease.
 The politics of AIDS goes beyond staging a political stunt such as was witnessed on Saturday in Hobart.
 AIDS is about people: people and suffering; people in need of accurate and sensible information; people who are not yet aware of at-risk behavior; people who are grappling with the frightening reality that AIDS is here to stay for a very long time indeed.
The Rev GRAHAM HEAD, Croydon.





The political infighting which has marked Austral-ia's fight against AIDS looks set to intensify.
 The president of the Victorian AIDS Council, Mr Adam Carr, said that at a public seminar tonight he would "set the record straight" about the gay community's involvement in curbing the spread of the disease.
 In what is expected to be a no-holds-barred approach, Mr Carr said he would be responding to a report in a Sydney newspaper which claimed the gay community had unduly influenced the Federal Government into adopting an inappropriate AIDS campaign.
Mr Carr said the report, which had been attributed to the head of the national AIDS taskforce, Prof.David Penington, had angered many people.
 Mr Carr said the seminar, organised by the Australian Institute of Political Science and called, AIDS - Public Health, Morals and Civil Liberties, was his first opportunity to refute the claims.
 He said the gay community was tired of being the stick with which Prof. Penington hit his enemies.
 "It has been going on for sometime but we have taken the view it is not good to take it into a public forum," Mr Carr said, "but his remarks are getting sharper and sharper and we have basically just had enough of it." Mr Carr said the gay community had responded well to the AIDS epidemic and had a right to be involved in education strategies and policy matters.
 The seminar could turn into a fiery encounter because its list of guest speakers includes Prof.Penington.
 While Prof. Penington said he would not divulge the content of his speech, it is believed to include his views on the controversial issue of testing.
 Testing is the major disagreement between the people charged with heading Australia's fight against AIDS.
 While the National Advisory Committee on AIDS (NACAIDS) has taken a broad view of education, preferring that safe sex practices be adopted by the community at large, Prof. Penington believes that people infected with the virus must be made to accept responsibility for not infecting others.
 Prof. Penington said today he did not want to comment further on the Sydney article, other than to say it was not a deliberate public statement.
 But he did reaffirm his view that testing was an important means of curbing the spread of the disease.
 Prof. Penington said the virus was still mostly confined to people whose behavior meant they were in a high risk group of catching the disease. That included homosexual and bisexual men and intravenous drug users.
 As well, there were haemophiliacs.
 Prof. Penington said there was evidence that a significant number of people were not following the safe sex guidelines.
 He said the Federal campaign was directed at everyone but he believed it also should be directed at people infected with the virus to make sure they did not infect others.
 END OF STORY





CAREFUL reading of Barry Hailstone's article on AIDS and less selective editing of TV news broadcasts would have prevented emotive and defensive response.
 Anyone like myself who has seen the physical and emotional disaster wrought by this disease has a duty to ensure effective measures are in place to prevent its spread.
 AIDS is spreading and heterosexuals are among those affected.
It may take many years for those recently infected to develop symptoms and in the meantime they may spread it further.
 Current community screening relies completely on voluntary testing. Many of those being tested are in the low-risk category, many of those not being tested are in the high-risk group.
 The proved public health measures used successfully for all other infectious diseases have not been used to control AIDS. The normal method is to identify those spreading the disease, cause them to limit their activities so that spread is prevented and then provide treatment if this is available.
 With AIDS, the implementation of these principles has been dependent on the sense of responsibility of the "at risk" groups as has their compliance in changing their behavior.
 Obviously not all have responded to voluntary programs. While we lack a cure for AIDS, the only strategy that will control it is to identify and isolate those whose behavior leads to its spread. Not all sufferers have acted or act irresponsibly and they are not a risk to the community.
 Such measures have never been seen as unreasonable for any other disease. If this cannot be done on a voluntary basis, the same powers used to control other epidemics will have to be invoked.
 The identification of infected persons is even more important as new drugs become available for treating AIDS, or at least rendering sufferers non-infectious.
 We have to measure, as has society in the past, the community risk (which governments tell us is immense) against the personal dislocation involved in an effective program. Fewer people will be involved in such dislocation if measures are implemented before the disease spreads further.
PETER C. J. JOSEPH,
President-elect,
SA Branch,
Australian Medical Association.





HOLLYWOOD AIDS CRISIS What's in a screen kiss?
HOLLYWOOD (Special): The decision by the Screen Actors Guild to identify open mouth kissing as dangerous work, out of fear that it might increase the risk of AIDS infection, has set the stage for a confrontation between actors and producers.
Many people in Hollywood are afraid the new rule will trigger a backlash against homosexuals in the film industry.
QNP
Senior vice-president of the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers, Miss Carol Akiyama, said she sympathised with the concerns of SAG's members.
""However, we feel their approach is not appropriate. It contains conclusions that are not supported by the medical evidence.
""There are no reported cases of AIDS being transmitted by saliva or tears or open mouth kissing."
Under the new rule, producers are required to tell actors before they are hired, if the part includes an open mouth kissing scene.
However, in an effort to avoid discrimination, the actor or actress is not to be told who will be kissed in the scene.
""That approach is not workable," said Miss Akiyama.
""The first question an actress would ask is "who's the guy?'. If anything, SAG's approach will add to the hysteria."
Producer Daniel Melnick said the new rule would have a counter-productive effect.
""It makes AIDS mythic, like the black plague," he said.
""The reaction will be homophobic, because it will be a one-way street.
""You won't find actors who are afraid to kiss an actress because she may have kissed a gay actor in or out of the line of work."
However, Charlton Heston, the former president of the Screen Actors Guild and now the leader of a conservative group within the organisation, said the rule did not go far enough.
He said it did not allow an actor or actress to know the name of the person who would be kissed.
""AIDS is not a social problem, but a medical problem. This is a fatal disease. Yet the focus has unaccountably shifted to victims in a social sense," he said.
""You wouldn't do kissing scenes with someone who has measles," Heston said.
The screen kiss _ as in this scene from ""Pillow Talk", which starred Rock Hudson and Doris Day _ is the centre of an AIDS scare

Graphic

 
PIC SHOWS DORIS DAY AND ROCK HUDSON





Federal employees with AIDS should be allowed to work as long as they perform acceptably and do not pose a health risk to other employees, according to the federal government.
Furthermore, federal employees with acquired immune deficiency syndrome should be granted sick leave when necessary "in the same manner as employees who suffer from other serious illnesses," the government says in a new nationwide policy on AIDS in the workplace.
The new policy, which was announced late last month by the government's Office of Personnel Management, advises federal department and agency heads that "there is no medical basis for employees refusing to work with" AIDS-infected employees.
"Nevertheless, the concerns of these employees should be taken seriously and should be addressed with appropriate information and counseling," the government policy says.
The government told federal personnel managers that AIDS education programs "are most effective if they begin before a problem situation arises" and the educational effort should be ongoing.
Supervisors and managers should be trained to deal with AIDS-related situations in the workplace, the policy recommends.
For example, the directive notes that usually an employee's reluctance or refusal to work with an AIDS-infected employee can be dealt with through information and counseling.
However, if these measures do not solve the problem and an employee's refusal to work with an AIDS-infected employee is disrupting the organization's work, management "should consider appropriate corrective or disciplinary action against the threatening or disruptive employee," the guidelines say.
The policy also specifies that AIDS-infected employees can continue their health insurance coverage but may not increase their life insurance coverage after they become seriously ill.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS CURE?







AIDS CURE?
TELEGRAPH
July 11, 1985 Thursday


Copyright 1985 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 353 words
Byline: POWER B
Body


AIDS CURE?
NEW YORK (AAP): Researchers said today they have discovered how AIDS cripples the body's immune system and that the finding may lead to developing a treatment for the disease that so far has killed half its victims.
Doctors at the National Cancer Institute and the National Institutes of Health said in the New England Journal of Medicine that the AIDS virus prevents or ""blinds" key cells from recognising certain types of diseases.
QNP
Victims of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome suffer from a host of rare or usually benign infections and cancers because their bodies have lost the ability to fight infection.
According to the US Government's Centres for Disease Control in Atlanta, there have been 11,505 cases of AIDS reported in the United States, with 5714 of those victims having died.
Soon after AIDS was discovered, doctors found that AIDS victims have an unusual mixture of immune cells called T-Lymphocytes.
Specifically, the victims seemed to have too few ""helper" T-Lymphocytes that provoke the immune system into action. At the same time, they have a normal number of ""suppressor" T-Lymphocytes that inhibit the helper cells.
The helper cells react when they come in contact with foreign material in the body, such as bacteria or viruses.
They do that by recognising substances called antigens that coat viruses and bacteria. If a helper cell sees an antigen it does not recognise as friendly, it launches an attack.
Dr Clifford Lane, of the National Institutes of Health, said the helper cells infected with the AIDS virus have not lost their ability to launch an attack once they recognise an unfriendly antigen.
But in experiments with the purified cells of AIDS victims, they discovered that the helper cells had lost their ability to recognise and respond to certain antigens.
In effect, the immune system had been ""blinded" to certain types of diseases.
"This may represent the initial critical immune defect in patients with AIDS," they said.
They added that ""such insight will be critical in our attempts to develop therapies for the progressive and fatal immune deficiency of this syndrome".




As the number of AIDS patients in Canada grows - more than 2,000 by the end of last year, 600 of them in Metro - Ottawa's response has been tepid, if not inadequate.
Last April, the Royal Society of Canada made 48 recommendations in a comprehensive report, but Ottawa has only responded negatively.
It rejected two recommendations that condoms be available to prison inmates and drug users be given free needles - even though both are accepted and promoted by health officials as good preventive measures.
So far, most of what the government has done has been scientific in nature and is certainly helpful. But in terms of communicating with and educating Canadians about AIDS, it has fallen short.
Ottawa has committed $168 million over five years to combat AIDS, but a public education program won't be mounted until spring at the earliest - even though the epidemic has been with us since 1982.
The need is urgent. A national study shows that while teenagers are worried about AIDS, their sexual behavior has not changed. Another survey found that only 9 per cent of Canadians said they had changed their sexual behavior because of the risk of contracting AIDS.
Some estimates say that up to 50,000 Canadians are now infected and the eventual costs, both in suffering and medical bills, will be staggering.
Faced with these figures, the government's response to inform and educate Canadians has been appallingly short-sighted. We need progressive, compassionate policies and action on educating Canadians about AIDS - and fast.





Larry Kramer's sunlit, book-lined apartment overlooks leafy Washington Square, the heart of Greenwich Village. Inside are two desks: one for Kramer the writer, another for Kramer the activist.
The second desk, covered with scientific reports, news clippings and government memorandums, is where Kramer plots his battles against drug companies and the Food and Drug Administration, urging them to move faster to combat AIDS.
Kramer is a playwright, novelist and journalist and the founder of the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power, or ACT UP, a highly visible advocacy group. Through ACT UP, he has staged angry demonstrations like one that delayed the opening of the Fifth International Conference on AIDS in Montreal last June.
Kramer also writes fiercely eloquent newspaper columns inciting AIDS patients to fight for better care and attacking the FDA's delays in approving new drugs.
"I don't think anyone can understand what it's like being a gay man in a big city," Kramer said in an interview. "It's like wartime. … I'm fighting for lives, and I'm fighting for my own life." Kramer lost his lover to AIDS in 1984 and is himself infected with the virus, although he isn't visibly ill.
Kramer and his allies have become well-known for shouting and picketing. They are less known for their behind-the-scenes pursuit of reforms. For two years, they have studied the FDA, learning its rules and probing its secrets with the Freedom of Information Act.
Now they are beginning to change it. "Before we just protested," Kramer said. "Now we have plans."
After years of blind anger, Kramer and like-minded activists across the country have become adept at persuading the FDA and the pharmaceutical industry to respond to their concerns.
"The needs of the patient community are the most extreme and desperate," Kramer said. "The laws that bind the FDA are the most extreme and inhumanely lengthy."
As of the end of October, the federal Centers for Disease Control had reports of 112,241 cases of AIDS and 66,493 deaths. With such a toll, "you simply can't do business-as-usual studies that take 10 years," Kramer said.
Thousands more will die unless the FDA's protection-at-all-costs system for investigating new drugs is changed and potentially life-saving treatments are more rapidly approved, Kramer asserts. And even those who can obtain experimental drugs may find they can't afford them: health insurance covers only drugs approved by the FDA.
Activists argue that desperate patients should have the right to choose what drugs to try.
"I think right now we are seeing a major shift in the federal health establishment, from attempting to protect people to realizing there are circumstances under which people should be allowed to take risks," said James Eigo of ACT UP's treatment and data committee.
Several recent events highlight the change in attitude at the FDA.
In June, Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the federal AIDS research effort, announced he would push for an experimental system under which the FDA would continue controlled studies of promising new drugs but also make the drugs more widely available to patients who cannot get into the experimental trials. This is now referred to as the "parallel track" approach.
"Parallel track was our idea two years ago," said Eigo. He is now a member of a federal committee appointed to oversee the new process.
In July, federal health officials met with AIDS activists to discuss how government research might benefit from underground drug trials organized by the activists. The meeting was a high point in cooperation between the activists and government.
"This is like a dream," Dr. Donald Abrams of San Francisco General Hospital said last summer. "I don't think any of us could have envisioned it."
In September, the FDA made an experimental drug widely available to patients, even though parallel tracking had not been formally established.
The drug, called dideoxyinosine or ddI, is still under study to determine whether it offers advantages over AZT, the only approved anti-AIDS drug in this country. At the same time, however, the FDA is allowing drugmaker Bristol-Myers to dispense it to patients with advanced AIDS or AIDS-related complex who cannot tolerate AZT.
Some scientists worry that wide distribution of drugs will interfere with experimental trials because patients know that in controlled trials they might get placebos rather than drug doses. Federal officials say it is too soon to know how serious the potential problem is.
Even with release of ddI, however, activists have not eased up, continuing their pressure on American drug companies by threatening to buy drugs overseas if they can't get them in the United States.
If Bristol-Myers had not made ddI available, for example, activists could have bought it from underground labs, Kramer said. The company was "about to lose a big market if they didn't get the drug out," he said.
Activists in New York, San Francisco and other cities have established "buying groups" that travel to other countries where AIDS drugs banned in this country are freely available or less expensive.
In one important case, activists protested the high cost of a drug called pentamidine, used to prevent and treat pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, one of the deadliest of AIDS-related infections.
They threatened to buy the drug in England, where a monthly dose can be bought for less than half of the $$99.54 wholesale price charged by its American maker, Lyphomed Inc. of Rosemone, Ill. The company compromised, insisting on keeping its wholesale price but agreeing to provide the drug free to uninsured AIDS patients.
Kramer began his AIDS activism before ACT UP. He was a founder of Gay Men's Health Crisis, one of the first groups to concern itself with the welfare of AIDS patients.
When that group became, in Kramer's view, more interested in courting the establishment than fighting it, Kramer formed ACT UP. Meanwhile, he continued writing articles fired with moral fervor for the New York Native, a gay newspaper, and the weekly Village Voice.
In 1985, he wrote "The Normal Heart," an off-Broadway play built around a candid discussion of gay men's responses to AIDS. This fall, a Missouri legislator tried unsuccessfully to block production of the play at Southwest Missouri State University.
Twelve hundred people rallied to oppose the play. The home of one activist involved in the production was set on fire and destroyed. But the play's eight performances sold out 3 1/2 hours after tickets went on sale, and it played to good reviews in mid-November.
That's typical of the reaction Kramer and ACT UP provoke. They have called Dr. Stephen Joseph, the New York City health commissioner, "deadlier than the virus." He angered them by, among other things, lowering the estimate of the number of New Yorkers infected with AIDS in July 1988 from 400,000 to 200,000.
The activists feared that lower numbers could pinch public funds available for AIDS care in New York.
Understandably, Joseph isn't fond of ACT UP. He resents their charge that he falsified data when he reduced the estimate of infected New Yorkers. "One, it's a lie. The other thing is, it's not productive," he said. A review panel of experts supported Joseph's revision.
Despite the angry words, however, Joseph credits Act Up with forcing the government to be more responsive to patients' concerns. "I have a good deal of respect for ACT UP," he said.
Further battles lie ahead. ACT UP's Eigo wants more emphasis on drugs that fight the infections that actually kill people whose immune systems are damaged by AIDS. Most effort so far has focused on drugs to fight the virus itself.
Eigo, like Kramer, was a writer before he joined ACT UP. He doubts whether he'll get back to writing any time soon. AIDS patient advocacy has become his full-time career, as it has for Kramer.
"Your average gay guy in New York and San Francisco knows 100 people who have died," said Kramer. "And he's scared he's going to die, too."
 
 EDITOR'S NOTE - Science Editor Paul Raeburn has written about AIDS since the epidemic began in 1981, traveling across the United States and to Europe and Africa.

Graphic

 
With LaserPhoto EDITOR'S NOTE - Nine years after the AIDS epidemic began, a sluggish U.S. government is quickening its response. Perhaps the most visible sign is the relatively rapid approval given to new AIDS drugs this year. One reason for this is the grass-roots activism prodding the government to change the way it does business.  ---


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS and Civil Rights







AIDS and Civil Rights
Newsweek
November 18, 1985, UNITED STATES EDITION


Copyright 1985 Newsweek
Section: JUSTICE; Pg. 86
Length: 910 words
Byline: ARIC PRESS with SUSAN AGREST in New York, DANIEL PEDERSEN in Houston and bureau reports
Highlight: How far can health officials go in fighting a disease?
Body


Set on the western edge of Greenwich Village, the Mine Shaft embodied the vision of New York as Sodom on the Hudson.Dark and raunchy, the well-known gay bar served as an arena where men could freely engage in various sex acts, sometimes brutal and often with strangers, and in plain view of bystanders.  Last week the orgy came to an end.  Invoking a new state health regulation, city officials closed the bar because it was a place where the deadly AIDS virus could be spread.  "This action," said chief assistant city counsel Doron Gopstein, "is being brought to save lives."
Closing the Mine Shaft was the first use of the New York rule and the latest sign that Aids may spread throughout the nation's legal system.  While states clearly possess the inherent power to protect the health and safety of their residents, at what point do such rules conflict with an adult's right to privacy?  Are officials free to do anything in the name of stamping out AIDS?  Proposals to test the blood of all food handlers have been offered to local lawmaking bodies in Miami, Houston and Los Angeles, even though health experts insist that the virus can be transmitted only by direct contact with its victims' blood or sexual secretions.  The private sector has begun taking an interest, too: may an employer ask a job applicant whether he has AIDS?  And the rights of people who fear AIDS are in question: may an actor playing a love scene reject a director's command to kiss with his mouth open?
The issue in New York may be the easiest.  Last month the state Public Health Council passed a 60-day emergency measure that would allow local officials to close "establishments" that "make facilities available" for "high risk" sex, meaning oral and anal sex.  Officials say this is no different from closing a disease-contaminated dairy.  "The regulation is not directed at the individual engaged in the conduct but at the commercial establishment and the activities that take place there," says state Health Department counsel Peter Millock.
Building a case against the Mine Shaft, however, required up-close and personal observation.  Consumer-affairs inspectors submitted affidavits that they witnessed acts of oral and anual sex taking place "in plain view" within the Mine Shaft.  Senior inspector Hector Serrano pointed out that while the club had signs offering free condoms, he did not see any condoms either in use or later discarded.  (The defendants are due in court this week.) But Michael Callen, a founder of the Coalition for Sexual Responsibility, found the work chilling.  "The concept of behavior inspection is anathema to me," says Callen, who favors an intensive anti-AIDS education program.  "Any state inspection of gay behavior is problematic."
Uppermost in the gay community's mind is a fear that the health-code maneuver is the first step toward a recriminalization of sodomy.  The Supreme Court last week agreed to hear a case involving a Georgia law, similar to statutes in about half the states, that makes oral or anal sex a crime.  Hemosexuals worry that a determination that such sex acts are high-risk activities may bolster a state's interest in banning them, even if they take place in the home.
Thefear -- sometimes hysteria -- that continues to surround AIDS is producing a number of unexpected problems.  In San Francisco, gay men are increasingly unwilling to have their blood tested by public-health officials for early signs of the AIDS virus: the results aren't conclusive, and worse, it could lead to a blacklist.  "The best civil-rights guarantee is that no one will have any information about this group at all," argues Paul Boneberg, coordinator of Mobilization Against AIDS.  California now allows the use of code numbers.
And Hollywood, which has an institutional memory of blacklisting, is still debating an announcement two weeks ago by the Screen Actors Guild.  The union declared that under its "hazardous work" clause, members could refuse to play in open-mouth kissing scenes.  The immediate worry in the gay community was that its performers would suffer discrimination if straight stars refused to perform with them.  This edict came down during a union election campaign; now that it's over, the union and producers may arrange a compromise.
For some, mere association with the fear of AIDS can be lethal.  In Houston, Patrick di Battista is a healthy, gay high-school teacher who did community-relations work for the local AIDS foundation.  When a magazine needed a photograph of an embracing gay couple that would run with an article about AIDS, di Battista agreed to pose.  When the issue appeared, a local television personality set off a media circus when he presented a story criticizing the teacher's poor judgment in allowing his picture to be taken even though his name was not used.  Then the school district pulled di Battista out of his classroom and transferred him to a desk job.  (The move was made in the middle of a mayoral election campaign in which the unsuccessful challenger raised AIDS as a campaign issue.) The school district may permit di Battista to resume his work, a spokesman said, after "some districtwide educational programs about AIDS." Di Battista is appealing his original transfer and his lawyer, John Paul Barnich, says, "It's gotten real strange down here." It's apt to get stranger still if fear and opportunism run past the cautious prescriptions that medicine and the law can offer.

Graphic

 
Pictures 1 and 2, Counseling on AIDS prevention in a New York bathhouse, the shutdown of the Mine Shaft: Public health versus privacy rights, PHOTOS BY SUDHIR


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS discrimination







AIDS discrimination
The Toronto Star
July 31, 1988, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION


Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
Section: EDITORIAL; Pg. B2
Length: 262 words
Body

Discriminatory, often irrational laws are being enacted in one country after another in response to the spread of AIDS.
The Harvard School of Public Health, in a study for the World Health Organization, found that well over half of 77 countries that responded to a survey have repressive AIDS laws.
Is this a glimpse of a dark future in human rights? Consider what's happening:
* The Kremlin has passed a law demanding compulsory screening of such high risk groups as intravenous drug users, homosexuals and prostitutes. Foreign diplomats may also be tested:
* All nationals returning to Cuba, including soldiers, are tested for AIDS, and 150 people are being held in quarantine;
* Up to 24 countries, including Japan, China, Iraq, Libya, the Soviet Union, Thailand and Saudi Arabia, have immigration and travel restrictions for people with AIDS; and
* One of the countries found most guilty of using criminal statutes and coercion to penalize AIDS patients is the United States.
"We're seeing an increase in the use of coercion, quarantine and criminal prosecution against AIDS victims," says Larry Gostin, director of the American Society of Law and Medicine.
"It's becoming a syndrome of blaming the victims. We found at least 50 criminal prosecutions of people with the virus and uncovered at least a dozen more statutes for quarantine, isolation or prosecution of people (in the U.S.)"
In Canada, meanwhile, there is no law that prohibits movement or freedom of those who carry the AIDS virus or have AIDS itself. Let's keep it that way.





A new blood test to determine if a person has been exposed to AIDS (acquired-immunodeficiency syndrome) has received high marks for accuracy, according to a study by the National Cancer Institute and other medical centers.
Soon to be licensed by the government as a potential tool to screen blood donors, the test detects antibodies to the virus linked to AIDS.
In a study of 385 people reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association, the test detected the antibodies in all but two of the 88 patients known to have AIDS. At the same time, out of 297 healthy adults, the test gave false positive results in four cases.
Doctors point out that the presence of the antibodies merely indicates a person may have been exposed to the AIDS virus. It does not mean that person necessarily has or will get the disease.
''The test may not be perfect, but it represents a major advance in protecting the nation's blood supply,'' concludes Dr. Stanley Weiss of the National Cancer Institute, the principal author.
Not everyone, however, is enthusiastic about the test. To some critics, the test raises more questions than it answers. Says Dr. Mervyn Silverman, president of the U.S. Conference of Local Health Officers: ''It doesn't tell you whether you have AIDS or will get it. It doesn't offer a cure or treatment. It doesn't offer comfort or guidelines for future behavior.''
In other developments, scientists are trying to isolate the viral genes responsible for AIDS in hopes of developing a preventive vaccine.
In reports published in the journals Nature and Cell two separate teams of American and French scientists say that they have mapped the genetic blueprint of the culprit virus.
It is found to be composed of four or five genes with more than 9,000 separate ''building blocks,'' or nucleotides -- structures that are more complex and less similar to other viruses than scientists previously suspected.
Under way is research using genetic-engineering techniques to reproduce fragments of the virus in the laboratory rather than working with the entire virus. This approach is a safer, cheaper and faster method of devising a vaccine, which scientist say is at least two years away.
Meanwhile, a study by doctors at the Massachusetts General Hospital and other medical centers shows that health workers treating AIDS patients do not run a significantly increased risk of contamination.
According to a report in the New England Journal of Medicine, the study tested 85 medical workers -- doctors, nurses and lab technicians -- who had come into direct contact with blood, secretions and tissues of AIDS patients. Noe of these workers showed positive results in blood tests for antibodies to the AIDS virus.
While researchers and physicians struggle to learn more about AIDS, the toll continues to mount. As of February 4, the federal Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta reported 8,215 AIDS cases in the U.S., with 3,921 deaths.

Graphic

 
Picture, Health workers take special precautions around AIDS cases. DARRYL HEIKES -- USN&WR


End of Document
Page  of 
The Demon AIDS







The Demon AIDS
United States Banker
February, 1987, National Edition


Copyright 1987 Faulkner & Gray
Section: INSURANCE; Pg. 59
Length: 859 words
Byline: by Sal Nuccio; Insurance Editor Sal Nuccio wrote for years for The New York Times, and served for three years as Deputy Superintendant of the New York Insurance Department.
Body


Virtually everyone has become aware of AIDS, the cruel disease that causes its victims to become social outcasts and then destroys them.
Compounding the social distress and human travail caused by AIDS -- acquired immune deficiency syndrome -- is the rapidly growing economic burden.  And the awesome potential of that burden is making employers and insurance companies nervous.
In April 1985, Ann Hardy of the federal Centes for Disease Control estimated that AIDS, to that date, had cost the U.S. economy about $5.6 billion in medical care and lost income.  And congressional appropriations for AIDS research grew from $5.6 million in fiscal 1982 to $96 million in 1976.
The U.S. Public Health Service recently predicted that the national cost of caring for AIDS patients could reach $16 billion by 1991, some 2.46 percent of total projected personal health care costs of $650 billion.  Cancer and heart disease accounted for 6 and 7 percent, respectively, of total costs in 1980, the most recent year for which such data is available.
 
Grim Potential
While homosexual men appear to be the most vulnerable in the United States, accounting for 73 percent of the 25,000 recorded cases, there are indications that the disease could spread to all segments of the population, as is the case in other countries, such as Haiti and several in Central Africa.  For example, heterosexuals have become infected by partners who have had homosexual experiences with infected persons, used contaminated needles as drug abusers, or received infected blood.  Children of infected mothers are born with the affliction.  There are no apparent signs of the disease for as long as several years after infection.
It is expected that increasing numbers of employers will have AIDS-infected employees.  As that happens, there will be commensurate increases in medical expenses, sick leave and other costs that could be dangerously burdensome to some companies.  With 70 percent of Americans covered by health insurance through employers, much of the economic burden of caring for AIDS patients will be on corporations, which typically pay 80 percent of the insurance premiums.  As the frequency and size of medical claims increase, so will premiums.
"Just a few AIDS cases can negate the savings painfully achieved through several years of strenuous effort at benefit-cost containment," says Dr. Leon Warshaw, executive director of the New York Business Group on Health, a nonprofit coalition of 300 employers.  "In a smaller company, the burden may be cataclysmic."
Among insurers, life companies appear to be the most worried, because they cannot raise prices on existing policies and are fighting for the freedom to exclude high-risk applicants.  The price of life insurance is based on actuarially projected death rates, which become inadequate when too many policyholders die ahead of schedule.  Insurers count on years of premium payments from policyholders under 40, the age category of most AIDS victims.
Insurers want pertinent blood testing of insurance applicants, but such testing has incited strong protests from gay and civil-rights groups.  The District of Columbia has banned all testing, while California and Wisconsin have outlawed certain AIDS tests.
Where testing is illegal, insurers rely on "lifestyle characteristics" and questionnaires to weed out likely AIDS-infected applicants.  But these efforts, too, have generated static.  Several companies reportedly have withdrawn from markets in which they could not apply their underwriting standards.
Without a blood test, an insurer must rely on an applicant's answers to a medical questionnaire.  If the person dies after the policy's contestable period -- usually two years -- and the company then learns that he or she had lied on the application, it still would have to pay the claim, according to the laws in all states.
Actuarial tables on which life insurers base their rates do not account for AIDS, and revising them is a long, involved process.  Most nonprofit mutual companies (those technically owned by their policyholders) and some stockholder-owned companies issue "participating" policies, which pay "dividends," portions of corporate earnings and excess premium payments.  They are at some advantage in that they could reduce or eliminate dividends if they suffer adverse claims experience.
 
Another Story
Health insurers usually can increase premium rates relatively quickly, but they, too, seek to avoid AIDS-infected people and other high-risk applicants.  For competitive and other good-business reasons, they attempt to keep insurance prices at reasonable levels.
In recent years, their client companies increasingly have sought less expensive ways to provide health-care benefits for employees, as insurance prices soared to the stratosphere in tandem with rising health-care costs.  The alternatives have ranged from self-insurance to "captive" insurance companies formed by groups of employers.
Meanwhile, insurers and employers alike are striving to screen out high-risk applicants, while praying that the world's scientists seeking AIDS cures and preventive vaccines come up with a few miracles.


End of Document
Page  of 
Aids 'increasing among young'







Aids 'increasing among young'
The Guardian (London)
February 9, 1989


Copyright 1989 Guardian Newspapers Limited
Length: 287 words
Byline: By AILEEN BALLANTYNE, Medical Correspondent
Body


 The number of young homosexual men contracting Aids soon after becoming sexually active, is increasing, Mr David Mellor, the Health Minister, told the Commons social services committee yesterday.
 The Government is understood to be extemely concerned about the increase because, until recently, changes in behaviour in the gay community had cut the number of people becoming HIV positive.
Sir Donald Acheson, the Government's chief medical officer, said later that the increase appeared to be among 17 and 18-year-olds who had not yet 'got the message.'
 The Terrence Higgins Trust, the main Aids charity, has criticised the Government-funded 'safe sex' campaign for homosexuals, which was launched on Monday, because it is aimed exclusively at the gay press and not at those who are not yet part of the gay community. Mr Nick Partridge, a trust spokesman, said even if some people would find such advertisements offensive in the national press, 'what does that matter when we're talking about saving people's lives.'
 The trust was also concerned that only Pounds 300,000 is being spent on the campaign compared with the Pounds 10 million Aids education budget for the Health Education Authority.
 Mr Mellor said the Government concentrated national press and television Aids advertising at heterosexuals 'because it is the most complacent section of the community.'
 He told the committee a quarter of people attending St Stephen's - London's main drug dependency unit - were now HIV positive.
 Sir Donald stressed that most of these were heterosexual and that previously the figure had been much lower. But Mr Mellor told the committee the danger was that this group could act as a 'bridgehead' into the rest of the community.





WASHINGTON, Sept. 23 /PRN/ -- The U.S. House of
Representatives passed the AIDS Federal Policy Act of 1988 (H.R.
5142) -- the first piece of House legislation establishing national
policy for fighting the AIDS epidemic -- by an overwhelming
367-to-13 vote today and defeated by landside margins efforts to
attach "hostile" amendments to the bill.
    "We applaud the U.S. Congress for passing this historic
legislation and finally -- seven years after the AIDS epidemic first
appeared in America -- creates federal law for fighting the nation's
number one health crisis," says Vic Basile, executive director of
the Human Rights Campaign Fund (HRCF).
    "We particularly salute the House's courage in rejecting
amendments that would undermine the effectiveness of this historic
legislation in waging a national battle against AIDS," said Basile.
"Members of the House have sent a clear signal to those who support
irrational, punitive AIDS actions that the time has come for
responsible AIDS policy."
  The bill expedites AIDS research, authorizes $1.2 billion over
three years for voluntary AIDS testing and counseling, and
establishes a federal commission to study and make policy
recommendations regarding AIDS.
    The House defeated various "hostile" amendments offered by Rep.
William Dannemeyer (R-Calif.) and others that called for mandatory
reporting of names and addresses of people testing positive for the
AIDS antibody test (HIV) to state health officials; mandatory
testing of marraige license applicants; routine testing of hospital
patients; and testing of all prisoners.
    AIDS lobbyists fought the hostile amendments, saying coercive
measures would have driven the disease "underground" by scaring off
those who are at greatest risk for AIDS from testing and
counseling.
    "This new legislation is not a perfect bill, but it's a good
start at setting laws for fighting AIDS," said Steve Smith, (HRCF)
lobbyist.  "For example, it does not protect HIV-infected people
from discrimination, which is a major problem.  Nonetheless, its
flaws are far outweighed by the benefits of the bill in expediting
research, and in making quality, confidential counseling and testing
available."
    The Human Rights Campaign Fund is the largest AIDS and gay and
lesbian political action committee and lobbying organizaation in
the country.  HRCF, along with numerous other AIDS organizations
in Washington, has lobbyed extensively for passage of this
legislation.
CONTACT -- Robert Bray, Steve Smith or Carlton Lee, all of the
Human Rights Campaign Fund, 202-628-4160


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS: Virus of Fear; American Sperm Banks Using New AIDS Tests







AIDS: Virus of Fear;
American Sperm Banks Using New AIDS Tests
The Associated Press
September 15, 1985, Sunday, BC cycle


Copyright 1985 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 743 words
Byline: By LARRY RYCKMAN, Associated Press Writer
Body


Wary American sperm banks are rejecting homosexual donors and have begun new blood tests following the disclosure that four Australian women were exposed through artificial insemination to the virus believed to cause AIDS.
Although no similar case has been reported in the United States, where an estimated 100,000 women are inseminated annually, some industry experts are calling for stricter screening that includes freezing semen for several weeks to allow closer analysis.
"I think that physicians who use fresh semen are exposing their patients to a significant risk," said Dr. Joseph Feldschuh, spokesman for Idant Laboratories, a New York-based sperm bank.
"There's an awful lot of artificial insemination done in this country with fresh semen and very little if any screening is done on it," said Grace McBride, business manager for Xytex Corp. in Augusta, Ga. "If I were someone who was going to have artificial insemination done, I would be very concerned about that."
Idant and Xytex supply frozen sperm to physicians, but most doctors in this country use fresh semen. Although it must be used within hours, it is more effective, said Dr. Alvin Paulsen, past president of the American Fertility Society.
"It takes you twice as long to effect a pregnancy, it's been estimated, with frozen seminal fluid," Paulsen said from Seattle.
The Birmingham, Ala.-based society has 10,000 members, most of whom are in obstetrics and gynecology, he said. It is writing guidelines for physicians who perform artificial inseminations.
In July, Westmead Hospital, one of the top teaching hospitals in New South Wales, Australia, conceded that four patients were exposed to the AIDS virus in 1982 after being inseminated with donated semen, probably from one bisexual donor. They were the first such cases ever reported.
One woman developed secondary stages of AIDS, with swollen lymph glands, but the others appeared to be in normal health.
The women were unsuccessfully inseminated in 1982, but three of them later became pregnant and gave birth to healthy children, all now more than a year old. The hospital did not say which women became pregnant or how they did so.
Health officials closed all Australian sperm banks in November to allow strict screening techniques to be introduced, then reopened them in April. Australia has reported 44 AIDS deaths.
The threat of AIDS has prompted many U.S. sperm banks to use blood tests designed to detect the antibody to the suspected AIDS virus, known as Human T-cell Lymphotrophic Virus, or HTLV-III.
Finding the antibody means the person has been exposed to the virus, but does not mean he or she will develop acquired immune deficiency syndrome, which attacks the body's immune system.
Idant Laboratories began conducting blood tests for the AIDS antibody in July.
"I had some misgivings about it, but I later reconsidered," Feldschuh said. "In view of all the information, it was more important to make sure that nobody was carrying the AIDS antibody."
The Sperm Bank, based in Oakland, Calif., began testing men Aug. 5, administrative director Barbara Raboy said. Xytex and Sperm Bank Inc., based in Santa Ana, Calif., began testing in June.
None of the sperm banks has any donors who tested positive. All reject homosexual men as donors.
"We don't have any policies on gay men," Ms. Raboy said. "We have a policy of screening all men regardless of sexual practice. As it turns out, however, the end result is the same. We don't have any gay men or bisexual men. The conclusions we've reached from interviewing the men who are gay or bisexual is that they have not practiced safe sex. So they are screened out early on."
Screening techniques differ, but most sperm banks question potential donors about their medical history, sexual practices and lifestyle. Idant and others then conduct dozens of blood and urine tests, as well as a sperm analysis. Idant rejects more than 80 percent of the men, Feldschuh said.
Dr. Jerome Groopman, a Harvard Medical School researcher, is investigating the possible connection between artificial insemination and AIDS, but said results would not be available for several months.
The Association for Women's AIDS Research and Education, or AWARE, is conducting similar research, said the group's project coordinator, Cheri Pies.
"We are looking at lesbians who have been inseminated with semen from gay, bisexual and heterosexual donors to determine the risk of exposure to the AIDS virus," she said.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS Activists Behind the Scenes Speeding U.S. Response to AIDS







AIDS Activists Behind the Scenes Speeding U.S. Response to AIDS
The Associated Press
November 29, 1989, Wednesday, BC cycle


Copyright 1989 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 1343 words
Byline: By PAUL RAEBURN
Dateline: NEW YORK
Body


Larry Kramer's sunlit, book-lined apartment overlooks leafy Washington Square, the heart of Greenwich Village. Inside are two desks: one for Kramer the writer, another for Kramer the activist.
The second desk, covered with scientific reports, news clippings and government memorandums, is where Kramer plots his battles against drug companies and the Food and Drug Administration, urging them to move faster to combat AIDS.
Kramer is a playwright, novelist and journalist and the founder of the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power, or Act Up, a highly visible advocacy group. Through Act Up, he has staged angry demonstrations like one that delayed the opening of the Fifth International Conference on AIDS in Montreal last June.
Kramer also writes fiercely eloquent newspaper columns inciting AIDS patients to fight for better care and attacking the FDA's delays in approving new drugs.
"I don't think anyone can understand what it's like being a gay man in a big city," Kramer said in an interview. "It's like wartime. … I'm fighting for lives, and I'm fighting for my own life." Kramer lost his lover to AIDS in 1984 and is himself infected with the virus, although he isn't visibly ill.
Kramer and his allies have become well-known for shouting and picketing. They are less known for their behind-the-scenes pursuit of reforms. For two years, they have studied the FDA, learning its rules and probing its secrets with the Freedom of Information Act.
Now they are beginning to change it. "Before we just protested," Kramer said. "Now we have plans."
After years of blind anger, Kramer and like-minded activists across the country have become adept at persuading the FDA and the pharmaceutical industry to respond to their concerns.
"The needs of the patient community are the most extreme and desperate," Kramer said. "The laws that bind the FDA are the most extreme and inhumanely lengthy."
More than 100,000 Americans have died of AIDS in nine years. With such a toll, "you simply can't do business-as-usual studies that take 10 years," he said.
Thousands more will die unless the FDA's protection-at-all-costs system for investigating new drugs is changed and potentially life-saving treatments are more rapidly approved, Kramer asserts. And even those who can obtain experimental drugs may find they can't afford them: health insurance covers only drugs approved by the FDA.
Activists argue that desperate patients should have the right to choose what drugs to try.
"I think right now we are seeing a major shift in the federal health establishment, from attempting to protect people to realizing there are circumstances under which people should be allowed to take risks," said James Eigo of Act Up's treatment and data committee.
Several recent events highlight the change in attitude at the FDA.
In June, Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the federal AIDS research effort, announced he would push for an experimental system under which the FDA would continue controlled studies of promising new drugs but also make the drugs more widely available to patients who cannot get into the experimental trials. This is now referred to as the "parallel track" approach.
"Parallel track was our idea two years ago," said Eigo. He is now a member of a federal committee appointed to oversee the new process.
In July, federal health officials met with AIDS activists to discuss how government research might benefit from underground drug trials organized by the activists. The meeting was a high point in cooperation between the activists and government.
"This is like a dream," Dr. Donald Abrams of San Francisco General Hospital said last summer. "I don't think any of us could have envisioned it."
In September, the FDA made an experimental drug widely available to patients, even though parallel tracking had not been formally established.
The drug, called dideoxyinosine or ddI, is still under study to determine whether it offers advantages over AZT, the only approved anti-AIDS drug in this country. At the same time, however, the FDA is allowing drugmaker Bristol-Myers to dispense it to patients with advanced AIDS or AIDS-related complex who cannot tolerate AZT.
Some scientists worry that wide distribution of drugs will interfere with experimental trials because patients know that in controlled trials they might get placebos rather than drug doses. Federal officials say it is too soon to know how serious the potential problem is.
Even with release of ddI, however, activists have not eased up, continuing their pressure on American drug companies by threatening to buy drugs overseas if they can't get them in the United States.
If Bristol-Myers had not made ddI available, for example, activists could have bought it from underground labs, Kramer said. The company was "about to lose a big market if they didn't get the drug out," he said.
Activists in New York, San Francisco and other cities have established "buying groups" that travel to other countries where AIDS drugs banned in this country are freely available or less expensive.
In one important case, activists protested the high cost of a drug called pentamidine, used to prevent and treat pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, one of the deadliest of AIDS-related infections.
They threatened to buy the drug in England, where a monthly dose can be bought for less than half of the $$99.54 wholesale price charged by its American maker, Lyphomed Inc. of Rosemone, Ill. The company compromised, insisting on keeping its wholesale price but agreeing to provide the drug free to uninsured AIDS patients.
Kramer began his AIDS activism before Act Up. He was a founder of Gay Men's Health Crisis, one of the first groups to concern itself with the welfare of AIDS patients.
When that group became, in Kramer's view, more interested in courting the establishment than fighting it, Kramer formed Act Up. Meanwhile, he continued writing articles fired with moral fervor for the New York Native, a gay newspaper, and the weekly Village Voice.
In 1985, he wrote "The Normal Heart," an off-Broadway play built around a candid discussion of gay men's responses to AIDS. This fall, a Missouri legislator tried unsuccessfully to block production of the play at Southwest Missouri State University.
Twelve hundred people rallied to oppose the play. The home of one activist involved in the production was set on fire and destroyed. But the play's eight performances sold out 3 1/2 hours after tickets went on sale, and it played to good reviews in mid-November.
That's typical of the reaction Kramer and Act Up provoke. They have called Dr. Stephen Joseph, the New York City health commissioner, "deadlier than the virus." He angered them by, among other things, lowering the estimate of the number of New Yorkers infected with AIDS in July 1988 from 400,000 to 200,000.
The activists feared that lower numbers could pinch public funds available for AIDS care in New York.
Understandably, Joseph isn't fond of Act Up. He resents their charge that he falsified data when he reduced the estimate of infected New Yorkers. "One, it's a lie. The other thing is, it's not productive," he said. A review panel of experts supported Joseph's revision.
Despite the angry words, however, Joseph credits Act Up with forcing the government to be more responsive to patients' concerns. "I have a good deal of respect for Act Up," he said.
Further battles lie ahead. Act Up's Eigo wants more emphasis on drugs that fight the infections that actually kill people whose immune systems are damaged by AIDS. Most effort so far has focused on drugs to fight the virus itself.
Eigo, like Kramer, was a writer before he joined Act Up. He doubts whether he'll get back to writing any time soon. AIDS patient advocacy has become his full-time career, as it has for Kramer.
"Your average gay guy in New York and San Francisco knows 100 people who have died," said Kramer. "And he's scared he's going to die, too."
 
 EDITOR'S NOTE - Science Editor Paul Raeburn has written about AIDS since the epidemic began in 1981, traveling across the United States and to Europe and Africa.

Graphic

 
With LaserPhoto EDITOR'S NOTE - Nine years after the AIDS epidemic began, a sluggish U.S. government is quickening its response. Perhaps the most visible sign is the relatively rapid approval given to new AIDS drugs this year. One reason for this is the grass-roots activism prodding the government to change the way it does business.  ---


End of Document
Page  of 
Gay 'weddings' could cut AIDS







Gay 'weddings' could cut AIDS
The Toronto Star
March 19, 1988, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION


Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
Section: RELIGION; Pg. M15
Length: 633 words
Body

CHURCH weddings or ceremonial "blessings" for homosexual couples - so far conducted quietly by only small numbers of liberal pastors - have gained some limited but surprising support recently in mainstream religious circles in the U.S.
A resolution before the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts to develop a liturgy to bless gay couples was approved by clergy delegates 114-79 at the diocese's mid-November convention, but the lay delegates opposed the resolution 140-82, thus killing the measure. The proposal called for a "blessing," not a wedding rite.
"Christian love challenges us to support gay and lesbian couples in relationships upholding the Christian model of commitment and love, to assist these couples in living healthy and holy lives," said the resolution, submitted by a Boston congregation that includes a ministry to homosexuals.
The resolution echoes the notion among some liberal clergy of various denominations that religious congregations should be open to serving all people.
And with sexual promiscuity in the homosexual community identified as a contributing factor to the spread of AIDS, some clergy have found an additional argument for churches to encourage stable relationships, even when they run square against religious tradition.
Biblical passages and social views that disparage or condemn homosexual activity have kept even the most progressive denominations from officially condoning same-sex behavior. The Episcopal resolution cited the most common rebuttal: that Jesus himself apparently did not condemn homosexual behavior and that prohibitions elsewhere in the Bible were shaped by social conditions of those periods and were not timeless truths.
However, the 9 million-member United Methodist Church declares in its Book Of Discipline that homosexual activity is "incompatible with Christian teaching," a statement crucial to the church's long battle to prohibit the Methodist ordination of "self-avowed practising homosexuals."
Only very recently has the issue of blessing or marrying same-sex couples arisen in public forums.
An ethics professor speaking last month at a United Methodist-sponsored conference on the AIDS crisis asked whether churches ought to bless homosexual unions in recognition that promiscuous sexual activity presents medical risks.
"If the church understood and accepted gay marriage," said Karen Lebacqz, a professor of Christian ethics at the interdenominational Pacific School of Religion at Berkeley, Calif., "is it not possible that it would at least do something to stop contributing to the promiscuity that exists within the gay community . . . in at least some segments of it and would, therefore, stop contributing to the spread of AIDS?"
The homosexual-run Metropolitan Community Churches now performs "holy union" ceremonies for about 1,500 couples yearly at its 250 churches around the country, according to Rev. Troy Perry, the founder-president whose denominational offices are in Hollywood.
"Our attitude is that we bless buildings and other things, and we also bless relationships," Perry said. "They are public statements to their friends and their church that they have entered into a loving relationship with each other."
Because laws do not recognize homosexual marriages, the "unions" have a certain fragility. But Perry said that church rules prohibit a pastor from performing a second "holy union" rite for anyone who has not had the first partnership "dissolved" by the same church that granted it.
The 194-year-old Unitarian Universalist Association, a liberal denomination that prides itself on humanist values and often non-theistic beliefs, approved a resolution at its 1984 General Assembly giving support to clergy who perform weddings for homosexual couples.





For the last eight months companies have scrambled to produce blood tests for the antibody of the virus thought to cause AIDS -- Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, the breakdown of the body's defenses. At stake: a $70 million U.S. market with another $100 million overseas. Leading contenders: Chicago-based Abbott Laboratories (1984 revenues: $3.1 billion) and Fairfield, N.J.-based Electro-Nucleonics, Inc.
If you haven't heard of Electro-Nucleonics, you're not alone. The company was founded in 1960 by Vincent Abajian, an engineer who left a government job to produce high-speed centrifuges for uranium enrichment.
Most of ENI's sales come from automated blood analyzers and reagents used in the tests. ENI has high hopes for Gemstar, an analyzer doctors use to run tests in their offices. But ENI hasn't set Wall Street on fire: Last year it lost $2.4 million on $45.8 million in revenues.
At first glance, ENI's AIDS venture looks like another forgettable episode, mostly because Abbott beat out ENI to Food & Drug Administration approval of its test by a mere five days. Moreover, Abbott already dominates the blood bank Hepatitis B market. That's important because the AIDS test rans on the same hardware as Hepatitis B, and Abbott has already installed that equipment at the 1,700 or so blood banks around the country.
Is ENI too far behind to catch up? Perhaps not. Even if ENI gets shut out by blood banks, it could grab a significant share of the blood fractionator market, selling to firms that separate out blood components such as serum and plasma. Since many of these fractionators are already customers of ENI's Hepatitis B test, they may also take its AIDS test.
The result? ENI could add as much as $15 million to its revenues with the AIDS test -- 20% of the market, to Abbott's 60%, suggests Kidder, Peabody analyst Peter Drake. "Because they have so few shares outstanding, they've got the largest earnings leverage," says Drake. Even if the AIDS test bombs, the attention can only help its real ace-in-the-hole, the Gemstar analyzer.


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS: AMERICAN FEARS DEEPEN







AIDS: AMERICAN FEARS DEEPEN
COURIER-MAIL
May 13, 1985 Monday


Copyright 1985 Nationwide News Pty Limited
Length: 1008 words
Byline: COSTER P
Body


AIDS: American fears deepen From PETER COSTER in Los Angeles AIDS, the frightening disease with a 100 percent mortality rate, may do more for fidelity in marriage than any marriage vows. There are now more than 10,000 cases of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome in the United States and nearly 5000 people have died. No one has recovered from the disease and it has now spread to the heterosexual community. One percent of AIDS cases monitored by the World Centre for Disease Control in Atlanta, Georgia, are heterosexuals, most of them women. In Western countries, the disease was found exclusively in homosexuals, intravenous drug abusers and, for some still unknown reason, Haitians. Gay activists in Los Angeles and San Francisco have long insisted that AIDS is a ""human" disease and not just a ""homosexual" disease. They have accused the US Government of not moving quickly to combat the disease because the Government considered it affected ""only gays and drug addicts". The disease was first considered to pass through blood in intimate sexual contact. There were warnings that it could spread through semen. Last week, the Los Angeles City-County AIDS Task Force, Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley and health professionals discussed the growing danger to the general public. The Gay Plague, as it became known, can be transmitted among heterosexuals and is increasing. Task Force chairman, Dr Neil Schram said: ""When AIDS was initially reported in Los Angeles, 100 percent of the cases were gay men.
QNPBut now, of the 85 cases reported in Los Angeles, 15 are heterosexuals with no known risk factors such as homosexuality or intravenous drug use. ""It has become quite clear that increasing numbers of cases will be seen in heterosexual men and women and their children." Schram said AIDS threatened all sexually active people who had not been in mutually monogamous relationships for the past seven years. AIDS can take several years to manifest itself in an already infected person, said Schram and 500,000 to one million Americans were estimated to be infected with the virus. Most of these people do not know they have the virus and researchers say about 10 percent of them will eventually develop the disease. Schram said: ""Studies of blood donors now being conducted in major cities suggest that the incidence of this infection may be as high as one in 1000 adults. ""It is thus necessary for health officials to develop guidelines for low-risk sexual behavior for heterosexuals," said Schram. Such guidelines should advise sexually promiscuous heterosexuals to use condoms during intercourse and avoid ingesting semen, he said. If Centre for Disease Control estimates are correct, 100,000 Americans may become AIDS victims within the next four years and if present percentages persists, 5000 will be heterosexuals without known risk factors. US Secretary of Health and Human Services, Margaret Heckler, has said that AIDS is the ""national No. 1 public health priority". Los Angeles County supervisor Ed Edelman said AIDS was now a national US health crisis. ""The ability to provide medical care will be overwhelmed by the patient load," said Edelman. ""The cost of medical care alone will be between $5 billion and $10 billion." At an international conference on AIDS in Atlanta last month, Dr James Curran, head of the AIDS task force of the Centre for Disease Control, said the virus was so widespread in the US that only a nationwide vaccination program, like the polio vaccination program, would be effective. However scientists believed a practical vaccine was at least five years away. In the month since Curran spoke, 430 more people have died from AIDS and 550 more have shown the symptoms and are being treated. There are now 10,050 AIDS sufferers in the US, and the disease has resulted in 4963 deaths at the time of writing this article. Curran said: ""It's a sexually transmitted disease, not solely a gay disease, but heterosexuals at risk are those that have promiscuous sex or those that frequent prostitutes." Prostitutes, more than 80 percent of whom use drugs intravenously, may become the major means of transmitting the disease to the general population, says one study. There have been several hundred studies. They show: A fatal case may take up to 10 years to incubate. Previously scientists thought the incubation period was 18 months. Then they thought it was five years. Mosquitoes, rats and sewage could spread AIDS, according to researchers in Florida who discovered 30 cases in a rural county that might be related to environmental conditions. Another study measured the speed at which AIDS was transmitted among gay men. The sexual contacts of a group of 18 men infected with HTLV-3, the AIDS virus, were followed for 18 months. Only 10 percent contracted the virus, which indicated to the researchers that victims might be predisposed to the disease. A major San Francisco study showed the biggest risk to be multiple sexual partners. The other major risk was being the recipient of frequent anal sex, leading to ejaculation and with rectal bleeding. San Francisco homosexual practices are said to have changed as a result. In Zaire, in Africa, where AIDS is thought to have originated, 17 percent of the households of 44 men with AIDS returned positive tests for the disease after six months, leading researchers to believe it can be transmitted non-sexually. AIDS demolishes the body's immune system and victims eventually die of opportunistic diseases such as pneumonia and cancer. There has been a continuing link between AIDS and the rare Kaposi's sarcoma and the use of the stimulant, amyl nitrate. Perhaps the most encouraging research has been done by the Harvard University School of Public Health. Professor of Medicine, Dr Myron Essex said his group identified an important protein in the outer coating of the AIDS virus that may lead to the development of a vaccine. HOMOSEXUALS remain America's largest risk group for AIDS, but the disease is spreading throughout the entire community.





The American Association of Physicians for Human Rights (AAPHR) has released a series of position statements that cover concerns central to the AIDS (HIV virus) crisis.
AAPHR is the national organization of physicians and medical students dedicated to the delivery of supportive, unprejudiced and well-informed medical care for gay and lesbian patients.
Adopted this summer, the position statements will be subject to continued review when AAPHR convenes its annual meeting, Aug. 4-7 at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Minneapolis.
The position statements cover the following topics:
''HIV Testing and HIV Disease in Physicians and Other Health Care Workers,'' ''Health Education as the Key Element to the Control of the AIDS Epidemic; Medical, Not Political Solutions,'' ''Hiring of Gay-Identified Persons in AIDS Research and on Advisory Panels,'' ''To Speed up the Process of AIDS Treatment,'' ''Psychiatric Diagnoses,'' in which the organization ''opposes the inclusion of Periluteal Phase Dysphoric Disorder, Self-Defeating Personality Disorder, and Sadistic Personality Disorder in any version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of the American Psychiatric Association,'' plus a ''Joint AAPHR/Association of Gay and Lesbian Psychiatrists Statement on Involuntary HIV Antibody Testing of Institutionalized Patients.''
For physician and health care worker testing, AAPHR asserts ''there is no evidence of transmission (of the HIV virus) through casual contact or through patient care contact when utilizing appropriate infection control measures.'' As a result, the AAPHR position statement sets out eight points to be considered as it reaffirms ''its stand to protect the rights of both workers and patients.''
In the statement on education, AAPHR concludes ''that the only currently available solution to halting the spread of HIV in a democratic society is providing each individual with information which enables them to eliminate behaviors placing themselves or their partners at risk.
''The continued emphasis on legislative solutions stressing involuntary testing, contact tracing and quarantine mechanism will significantly undermine proven effective prevention efforts.''
AAPHR also ''strongly'' urges ''the hiring of gay-identified scientists and public health experts at all levels of the federal government's AIDS research and prevention efforts including all advisory commissions.''
Observing that ''AIDS is a terminal illness,'' with ''the only known treatments'' as experimental, AAPHR believes ''there may be potential benefits to the use of certain drugs, combinations of drugs, or other treatment methods.''
As a result, the organization asserts ''that these drugs, combinations of drugs, and treatment methods need to be responsibly and scientifically evaluated in clinical trials on an urgent priority basis and their availability and release need to be hastened by mutual cooperation'' between appropriate government agencies, pharmacutical companies, research scientists, patient groups and other relevant agencies.
AAPHR, in the position statement on involuntary HIV antibody testing of institutionalized patients, reiterates its stand in opposition to mandatory HIV testing.
''In particular, we oppose proposals advocating the involuntary and/or mandatory testing of institutionalized mental health patients as an unnecessary and ineffective procedure which violates the rights of such patients,'' as embodied in proposals before several state legislatures and public health departments.
In taking that stand, AAPHR maintains that such testing ''is unnecessarily invasive and aggressive. It is also fallible, given the substantial risk of false negative test results and the identification of additional viruses capable of producing AIDS which are not detected by HIV antibody tests.
''The safest approach, which would also be the most humane, is to regard all patients as potentially at risk of HIV transmission or infection and to educate, manage and threat them accordingly.''
 
 
   
   Note to Editors: Copies of the complete AAPHR position statements
may be obtained by calling Pierre Ludington at (415) 558-9353.  
   
   
CONTACT: American Association of Physicians for Human Rights
            Human Rights News, San Francisco
            Pierre Lundington, 415/558-9353             


End of Document
Page  of 
AIDS: Virus of Fear







AIDS: Virus of Fear
The Associated Press
September 15, 1985, Sunday, BC cycle


Copyright 1985 Associated Press  All Rights Reserved
Section: Domestic News
Length: 1164 words
Byline: By TAMARA JONES, Associated Press Writer
Body


An hour after doctors told Terry Dangelo there was a chance he had AIDS, the 34-year-old patient crawled through a bathroom window at St. Luke's Hospital in New York and plunged seven stories to his death.
His suicide dramatizes more than one man's private sickness and despair. It also reflects the struggle of an entire nation to cope _ physically, emotionally, financially or morally _ with a mysterious killer.
The panic has become far more contagious than AIDS itself.
Since the first case of acquired immune deficiency syndrome came to light four years ago, the fear, often unfounded, has infected hospitals, funeral homes, schools, prisons, military barracks and even churches across the country.
"In lives lost, in tears shed, the toll is uncountable," summed up Paul G. Popham, president of the Gay Men's Health Crisis in New York.
They are the tears of a Massachusetts mother who brought her dead son's clothes to the hospital so she could dress his corpse herself after funeral homes refused to handle the body of an AIDS victim.
They are the tears of a stricken 5-year-old in San Diego whose playmates are forbidden by their parents to come near him.
And they are the lives of hundreds of AIDS victims suddenly evicted from their homes, fired from their jobs and shunned by society in their neediest hour for the same sad reason:
They are dying of something we are powerless to control.
"In our lifetime, fortunately, we have grown up in the era of antibodies and our generations have come to expect a cure or a vaccine for everything," said Ron Sanders, a national Centers for Disease Control epidemiologist who directs Los Angeles County's AIDS program.
"AIDS is one of those exceptions," he said.
An affliction in which the body's immune system becomes unable to resist disease, AIDS is believed to be caused by an unusual virus discovered in France and the United States.
It is most likely to strike homosexuals, intravenous drug users and hemophiliacs. AIDS appears to be spread by sexual contact, contaminated needles and blood transfusions, but not by casual contact. It can take as long as five years for an infected person to show symptoms of the disease, and the victims are predominantly men in their 30s.
The CDC estimates that 500,000 to 1 million Americans have been exposed to the virus, but that 90-95 percent of them will not develop AIDS. The big question is how contagious those million people are.
A recent Gallup Poll showed 66 percent of the 1,545 adults surveyed believe there is a great danger that AIDS will soon spread to all kinds of people in our country.
Five years ago, the word was not even in our vocabulary. Today, AIDS appears in supermarket tabloids as well as medical journals, on talk shows and in everyday conversation. It evokes feelings of fear, despair, hopelessness, anger, loneliness, helplessness, hysteria.
Hundreds of anxious callers jam AIDS hot lines across the United States every hour. At the Gay Men's Health Crisis, the calls sometimes even come from Europe.
AIDS support groups also try to educate the public about the disease and how to avoid it by issuing "safe sex" guidelines and setting up information tables at gay bars and bath houses.
But many regard the mandatory screening of all new Army recruits, the barring of AIDS children from schools and other precautionary steps taken by local, state and federal governments as violations of civil rights.
In Stamford, Conn., 15 prospective jurors were excused from a murder trial because the defendant, brought to court by deputies wearing rubber gloves, has AIDS and the jurors felt they could not judge him fairly.
"There is a real fine line between educating people and panicking them," said Lori Behrman, a GMHC spokeswoman. "Already, we're crossing that line."
With some 814 unexplained cases of AIDS among the 12,932 cases nationwide, there is growing public concern that the virus has jumped the boundaries of the high-risk groups _ homosexual and bisexual males, intravenous drug users and hemophiliacs and other recipients of blood and blood products. The CDC believes the percentage of cases with unknown origins is high because Haitians were recently dropped from the high-risk category and put into this group.
"Many people have misperceptions about how it's spread," said CDC spokesman Charles Fallis. "There's a lot of fear out there."
AIDS is considered an epidemic in the gay community but not the general population, Fallis stressed.
"Our researchers do not ever expect AIDS to become epidemic among the heterosexual population," Fallis told The Associated Press in a telephone interview.
A total of 14,811 cases of AIDS have been reported in 43 countries around the world. In this country, the disease has spread to almost every state over the past three years, with the majority concentrated in New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Miami and Newark, N.J.
In those five cities combined, an average of about 14 new AIDS cases and five deaths are reported daily.
Although the number of cases is increasing rapidly, AIDS is not the plague that alarmist headlines in supermarket tabloids would suggest. By comparison, pneumonia and influenza claim the lives of nearly 50,000 Americans each year.
More than 95 percent of the country's AIDS cases involve patients who fall into one of the risk groups.
But that small fraction of cases with origins still unknown, that lack of certainty surrounding the disease, is making people from all segments of society uneasy.
Therapists and counselors call them the "worried well" _ healthy but distraught people filled with dread over AIDS.
"The people who are at the lowest risk are the ones most obsessed," observed Barry Davidson, director of community information at the Gay Men's Health Crisis, which was the nation's first non-profit foundation to deal with the AIDS crisis.
News that Rock Hudson was fighting AIDS unleashed a new flood of calls to AIDS hotlines. Again and again, the volunteers answering the calls tell people the same things: No, you cannot get AIDS from a public toilet. No, you cannot get it through casual contact, such as touching an AIDS patient. No, it is not transmitted by mosquitoes.
"You're going to create more problems for yourself by worrying," Davidson counsels an anxious caller on the GMHC hotline one recent evening. "You're obsessed. You have none of the symptoms. You'd better get yourself to a psychiatrist."
The impact of the disease and its atmosphere of fear on human sexuality in general has not been fully assessed, but many single, young heterosexuals and homosexuals alike report changes in their sexual habits. Fear of exposure to AIDS has even pushed some people into celibacy.
"I abstained from sex for two years, I was so scared," said Marc Dover, a healthy 36-year-old New York hairdresser and hotline volunteer. "Now, I've gathered enough information about AIDS that I don't do things that would put me in jeopardy. I know I won't get AIDS from a hug. Now I trust my own instinct."
MORE

Graphic

 
With Laserphoto


End of Document
Page  of 
Spectrum: To the aid of Aids







Spectrum: To the aid of Aids
The Times (London)
March 18 1987, Wednesday


Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited
Section: Issue 62719.
Length: 601 words
Byline: MICHAEL DUNCAN
Body


 Whether it will ever be quite 'the hottest charity ticket in town', as Jeremy Norman, chairman of Crusaid, says, is uncertain. But raising money for Aids and its victims is becoming acceptable, even fashionable in Britain.
 Last month, Sotheby's donated a case of their best Chateau le Roc boardroom claret and sent an executive to auction it and other goods at a supper concert party for 150 paying guests at the St Albans home of film producer Stanley Kubrick. It raised more than pounds 6,000 for Crusaid.
Now Crusaid is planning a much larger public auction at Christie's. In less than a year since it was started by Norman and a friend, Crusaid has raised pounds 100,000 for Aids victims. And it is expecting a pounds 500,000 donation from the Kobler Foundation, set up by Freddie Kobler, founder of Grand Metropolitan. This will be used to improve out-patient and day care facilities for Aids patients at St Stephens Hospital in London.
 Crusaid was formed to tap sources of finance not generally available to Aids victims. A committee member, who asked not to be named, says: 'We knew of the existence of organizations like the Terence Higgins Trust, but we felt they were not getting money from some people because they had a fairly aggressive approach, with very explicit and tough talks on sex.
 'We thought there was a role for an organization which concentrated on high-quality mailings and events. We pooled address books and put together a mailing list of 400 people. Many of these came to our launch party at Leighton House in July when we raised pounds 20,000. Then we held a concert in October and a Christmas party. People tended to give over the odds. If the ticket was pounds 15, they'd give pounds 50.'
 Crusaid has acquired three patrons - Rabbi Julia Neuberger, Baroness Lane Fox and Sir Christopher Booth, chairman of the British Medical Association. It will shortly announce two more 'household names' as patrons, and eventually wants six in all. 'It is a totally compassionate organization that has no campaigning role,' says Neuberger. 'It is simply about raising money to help people. '
 The money goes directly to relieve the suffering of Aids victims, mainly in NHS hospitals. Norman says he and his colleagues were appalled at the lack of facilities, particularly in the early days when 'you couldn't get an electrician in a hospital to change a plug for someone with Aids'. Aids ward were dilapidated and neglected, equipment old or simply not avaialable to Aids patients.
 'One of the major problems with Aids is pneumonia,' Norman says. 'This can be treated, but it involves broncoscopy. However, this was often not available to Aids patients because of risk of cross-infection One of our first donations was pounds 9,000 to St Stephens for an Aids-dedicated broncoscope, with specialized cleaning equipment. '
 Money has gone to provide television sets and headphones in Aids wards. Within a day of the recent supper concert party, pounds 100 of the money raised had been spent on a new cooker for an Aids victim and a further donation for a man who had been prescribed the new anti-Aids drug AZT but was on social security and could not afford the special diet which went with it.
 Norman says: 'I'm always amazed by the generosity of some people and the meanness of others. ' He says he has been 'bitterly disappointed by the reaction of very close personal friends who have turned us down'.
 However, things are changing, even if Britain is 'still three years behind the United States as far as social acceptance of the disease is concerned. '
 Copyright Times Newspapers Ltd 1987

